--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WASHINGTON — Stellar pitching kept the Mets afloat in the first half of last season despite their offensive woes. But they cannot produce an encore of their pennant-winning season if their lineup keeps floundering while their pitching is nicked, bruised and stretched thin.
“We were going to ride our pitching,” Manager Terry Collins said before Wednesday’s game. “But we’re not riding it right now. We’ve got as many problems with our pitching as we do anything.”
Wednesday’s 4-2 loss to the Washington Nationals was cruel for the already-limping Mets. Pitching in Steven Matz’s place, the spot starter Logan Verrett allowed two runs over five innings. But even that was too large a deficit for the Mets’ lineup to overcome against Max Scherzer, the Nationals’ starter.
“We’re not even giving ourselves chances,” Collins said, adding later, “We just can’t give our pitchers any room to work.”
The Mets did not score until the ninth inning, when a last-gasp two-run homer by James Loney off Nationals reliever Shawn Kelley snapped a streak of 23 scoreless innings for the team.
The Mets were swept in the three-game series and fell six games behind the Nationals in the National League East. Of late, the Mets have looked worse than their 40-37 record.
“I don’t think we’ve played half our games yet this year,” right fielder Curtis Granderson said. “There’s still a lot of things left that can and hopefully will happen.”
Scherzer toyed with the Mets, who were initially without Granderson after he was scratched from the lineup with lingering calf tightness. Even though Granderson has been inconsistent this season, he had hit well against Scherzer in the past. Alejandro De Aza, who entered the game with a .165 average, started in right field instead because Collins said the team had few options.
After Scherzer gave up a single to Asdrubal Cabrera and walked Loney in the second inning, he retired the next 18 batters, until an eighth-inning single by Brandon Nimmo.
The Mets struggled again with runners on base. After Nimmo and the pinch-hitting Granderson singled in the eighth, pinch-hitter Travis d’Arnaud grounded out, and De Aza struck out.
“If they keep adding pressure on themselves, they’re going to continue to struggle,” Collins said. “That’s one of the things we try to make sure they have to understand: They have to be themselves.”
General Manager Sandy Alderson, Collins and the coaching staff have met about the offense and discussed the odd dynamics: Some players are performing at or better than their career averages, but the lineup as a whole has struggled immensely, especially with runners in scoring position.
“We’re just not driving in any runs,” Collins said. “That’s been the frustrating part. It’s not that we’re striking out. We’re popping up, or a double-play ball.”
The Mets have a power-hitting team, so asking players to bunt or hit and run would go against their strengths.
“When you start to change a team that’s built one way and start to make them do something different, you’re going to get your butt beat,” Collins said.
Earlier in the season, the Mets appeared like an all-or-nothing, home-run-driven team. Although they hit only .211 as a team in May, they smashed 40 home runs. They have a higher average in June, but they have hit only 24 homers, and the inconsistent offense has put a strain on the pitching staff.
In the second inning, Verrett gave up a solo home run to the ex-Met Daniel Murphy. Collins wanted to limit the workloads of Addison Reed and Jeurys Familia, so he turned to reliever Sean Gilmartin in the eighth. Gilmartin gave up a two-run homer to Murphy, who has hit .429 (15 for 35) with four home runs against the Mets this season, his first since leaving the team.
“I felt like I kept us in the game and gave us a chance to come back and win it,” Verrett said. “I wish that I wouldn’t have given up the two runs.”
Verrett was put in this position because of the effects of bone spurs on the Mets’ rotation. The team asked Verrett to start Wednesday and gave Matz an extra day of rest after he received anti-inflammatory medication for the large bone spur in his left elbow. He will try to pitch through it.
Noah Syndergaard has a smaller and less intrusive bone spur in the back of his right elbow.
“As long as I’m staying on my anti-inflammatories and my mechanics are on point, I’m able to go out there every five days and compete,” Syndergaard said.
For the Mets, the immediate road ahead will be even tougher. Matz was expected to pitch Thursday against the Chicago Cubs, one of the best teams in baseball this season.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mayor Bill de Blasio’s counsel and chief legal adviser, Maya Wiley, is resigning next month from her City Hall position to become the chairwoman of the Civilian Complaint Review Board, New York City’s independent oversight agency for the Police Department.
The move represents the latest shake-up for the de Blasio administration amid continuing state and federal investigations into the mayor’s fund-raising, and fills a two-month vacancy at the police review board created by the resignation of its chairman, Richard D. Emery, in April.
A civil rights lawyer and advocate for racial and social justice, Ms. Wiley joined the de Blasio administration in early 2014 to focus on legal issues as well as on the mayor’s efforts to address issues of inequality. But over time, Ms. Wiley became discouraged over not being part of Mr. de Blasio’s inner circle and felt cut out of both legal questions and advocacy, according to a person familiar with her thinking. On the former, Mr. de Blasio often relied instead on the city’s corporation counsel and Henry Berger, the mayor’s special counsel; on the latter, he favored his top political aides. The person requested anonymity to discuss private conversations.
More recently, Ms. Wiley was assigned to help craft the administration’s legal response to the state and federal inquiries as well as to requests for the public disclosure of documents, notably emails between Mr. de Blasio and trusted advisers outside the administration.
It was in response to a question from reporters about the withholding of those emails with advisers that Ms. Wiley, defending the practice, described the advisers as “agents of the city” — a designation that appeared novel and resulted in days of unfavorable press coverage.
In a statement on Wednesday, Mr. de Blasio thanked Ms. Wiley for her service and congratulated her on her new role.
The review board investigates allegations of misconduct by officers and makes recommendations for discipline to the Police Department. Its data on the number of complaints, and its investigations of officers, provide an important barometer of police behavior and a politically important one for Mr. de Blasio, a Democrat who campaigned on improving police-community relations.
Mr. Wiley will also take a position at the New School in Manhattan. Her moves were reported by The Wall Street Journal.
The announcement of Ms. Wiley’s departure from City Hall followed that of a recently hired director of social media, Scott Kleinberg, who resigned on Saturday, just eight weeks after being hired to bring greater personality to the Twitter, Facebook and other online accounts associated with the mayor’s office. His resignation was reported by DNA Info.
In a Facebook post that was later removed, Mr. Kleinberg complained of long hours and micromanagement and described his experience with the administration as working with “political hacks plus a boss who just couldn’t get it,” adding, “It was a bad combination for sure.” Mr. Kleinberg declined to comment.
The departures came less than two months after Karen Hinton, the mayor’s top spokeswoman, announced her resignation from the administration. (She stayed in the position until mid-June.)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In the early morning hours of Labor Day last year, a group of gunmen from the 8-Trey street gang made their way through a crowd of revelers gathered near a Brooklyn public housing project to celebrate J’ouvert, a pre-dawn party that precedes the annual West Indian American Day Parade. The housing project was “enemy territory,” the authorities said, the stronghold of a rival gang, the Folk Nation.
As hundreds of people drank and danced in costume, the warring factions spotted each other, and a gunfight broke out in the darkness. Caught in the crossfire was an up-and-coming lawyer in the administration of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, Carey Gabay, who was at the festivities with his brother. Mr. Gabay, 43, who was of Jamaican heritage, died a week later from his wounds.
For some in government and law enforcement circles, the death of Mr. Gabay, who had risen from a childhood in Bronx public housing to Harvard Law School and then to public service, was emblematic of the havoc that street gangs have inflicted on New York City residents.
On Wednesday, as part of a continuing investigation, the authorities announced that three men had been indicted in the killing.
One of the men, Micah Alleyne, 24, was already in custody, having been indicted last month. The other two — Tyshawn Crawford, 21, and Keith Luncheon, 24 — were named along with Mr. Alleyne in a new indictment on Wednesday, which holds all three equally responsible for Mr. Gabay’s murder. Each of the men is charged with second-degree murder.
“These defendants are charged with creating a killing field in a crowd of innocent people, showing depraved indifference to human life and causing the death of Carey Gabay,” Ken Thompson, the Brooklyn district attorney, said in a statement about the case.
At a news conference at his office, Mr. Thompson said that 20 gang members, armed with as many as 27 guns, had taken part in the gunfight in which dozens of shots were fired. He promised to seek indictments against the others involved in the episode. “This is just the beginning,” he said.
At the time of his death, Mr. Gabay was first deputy counsel for the Empire State Development Corporation and lived with his wife in the Clinton Hill section of Brooklyn. He was shot in the head while trying to escape the gunfire by ducking between two cars in a parking lot at the Ebbets Field Houses on Bedford Avenue in Crown Heights.
The housing complex had long been Folk Nation turf, Mr. Thompson said, and several of the gang’s members were among the crowd on an outdoor patio there during the J’ouvert celebration. Most of the shots fired that morning came from the direction of the patio, Mr. Thompson added. Members of both the Folk Nation and the 8-Treys had standing orders, he said, to open fire at each other on sight.
“When these two gangs see each other,” Mr. Thompson said, “there is no talking, just shooting.”
Surveillance-camera footage taken that morning, which Mr. Thompson played at the news conference, showed people frantically fleeing the patio and scurrying for cover as shots rang out. Investigators also discovered footage that Mr. Thompson said shows Mr. Alleyne firing a gun into the crowd, then running into a building at the Ebbets Field Houses.
Mr. Alleyne, who was living in a homeless shelter in Jamaica, Queens, when he was arrested in May, was a Folk Nation member, Mr. Thompson said. He added that Mr. Crawford, who lives in East New York, belonged to the Hoodstarz gang, which is allied with the Folk Nation. Mr. Thompson described Mr. Luncheon, who lives in Crown Heights, as a member of the 8-Trey gang, a faction of the Crips.
A fourth defendant, Stanley Elianor, 25, was indicted in October on weapons charges in connection with Mr. Gabay’s murder for carrying a MAC-10 machine pistol during the melee.
Police Commissioner William J. Bratton, appearing with Mr. Thompson at the news conference, said his department was targeting street gangs across the city, adding that officers had arrested gang members in three separate operations in Manhattan on Wednesday morning. Mr. Bratton also said that this year, for the first time, J’ouvert organizers would have to secure a permit for their event, which has traditionally taken place without official city approval. The police, the commissioner said, would increase their presence at the festivities in September to ensure there was no violence.
“If so much as a sneeze is made by these gangs in the run-up to the festival, we will be there,” Mr. Bratton said, “and not to say, ‘gesundheit.’ ”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was the Apple Store in New York City before there was such a thing as an Apple Store.
Before iPods and iPads and iPhones, before Apple started selling and servicing its devices out of a glass cube on Fifth Avenue, the eclectic Tekserve store on West 23rd Street in Manhattan was where customers went for upgrades to their PowerBook laptops or to have their computers fixed.
But times have changed, Tekserve’s managers said, and on Wednesday, they announced that the company was closing its retail and customer-service operation. The service center will remain open until July 31, and the retail store will close on Aug. 15. About 70 employees will lose their jobs, the company said.
“This is a cultural shift,” the company’s chief executive, Jerry Gepner, said in an interview in his office above the store. “It’s not a failure of the business. It’s like this giant wave finally crashed down upon us.”
Tekserve found its niche in an era when Apple had a much smaller slice of the computer market. Among many of Tekserve’s customers then, Apple computers had a devoted following. “It was the cult of Mac,” said Mr. Gepner, who, before running Tekserve, was a regular customer.
He said that customers had gravitated to Tekserve to buy Apple computers, have them serviced or have questions about them answered at a time when computers were more cumbersome to use and help was not simply a Google search away. “It was also a gathering place,” Mr. Gepner said, “where knowledge was shared.”
Tekserve opened in 1987, focusing exclusively on repairs at first, and has always operated out of spaces on 23rd Street, between Sixth and Seventh Avenues. More than 15 years ago, it moved into its current home, with 10,000 square feet of retail and service space, and grew into something of a New York City fixture. On “Sex and the City,” for instance, when Carrie Bradshaw’s laptop crashed, she rushed to Tekserve.
While Apple’s own stores are sleek and modern in appearance, Tekserve had the feel of a throwback, its shelves lined with old-fashioned radios and a soda machine where customers could grab a chilled Coca-Cola in a glass bottle. There was also a “museum” of Apple computers, with models dating back more than three decades, including a Macintosh 128K — the original Apple Macintosh personal computer — signed by Stephen Wozniak, the company’s co-founder.
These days, though, Apple has six stores in Manhattan, including one in Chelsea, not far from Tekserve. There is also a Best Buy store just on the other side of Sixth Avenue from Tekserve. And then there are the options online.
Resellers like Tekserve, once among the few places where customers could get Apple products, have been the victims of the technology company’s growth. But also, Tekserve said in a statement, swiftly rising rent has not helped.
Mr. Gepner said that when he joined Tekserve in 2014, the owners asked him to see whether the diminishing retail operation could be saved. But, he said, the owners realized that a turnaround seemed unlikely. “For us,” he said, “the trend wasn’t going to reverse.”
Talk of the store’s closing had circulated for weeks among neighbors and regular customers. Employees were officially told on Wednesday that the end was imminent.
“We love our customers, and we love what we do,” Mr. Gepner said. “But there comes a point where that doesn’t make sense anymore, as much as we love it.”
The company will continue with its corporate sales and professional services, as well as with an operation focused on small- and medium-size businesses, an area that has experienced growth, Mr. Gepner said.
Outside the store on Wednesday afternoon, word had not yet reached many customers, who said they were disappointed. Alan Wolk said he had been coming to Tekserve for about 15 years, including once to repair a keyboard damaged by spilled coffee.
“It’s been here forever,” he said. “These guys, they know their stuff. You can trust them.”
Kerry Elson said she first came to Tekserve about a decade ago, when she was still working as an intern and trying to figure out how to use a new computer. She kept coming because she trusted those who worked there.
“I feel like this is my go-to,” she said. “It seemed like they were on your side.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OMAHA — The United States Olympic swimming trials are the spectacle that Michael Phelps built. If he had not strapped the sport to his broad back and climbed to the Olympic summit six times in Athens in 2004 and eight times in eight nights in Beijing in 2008, there would be no pre-finals light show at CenturyLink Center, no ticket scalpers. The crowds would be far smaller than 14,000, and fewer athletes would be extending their careers past college with the help of corporate endorsements.
And there would have been at least one fewer entrant in the 200-meter butterfly.
Phelps’s influence on the sport he set out to make more prominent, more professional, goes well beyond the eyeballs and the excitement he has brought to swimming since he appeared in his first United States trials, a much more subdued affair in Indianapolis in 2000. Phelps has inspired a generation to swim, including a few world-caliber athletes who crafted competitive schedules in Phelps’s image.
Nobody was Phelps’s equal in the 200-meter butterfly final on Wednesday. He qualified for his fifth Olympic team by winning in 1 minute 54.84 seconds, ahead of Tom Shields (1:55.81). Those in his wake included Chase Kalisz, 22, who finished fifth, having already earned a berth to the Rio Games with a victory in the 400-meter individual medley on Sunday.
Kalisz’s best leg in the I.M. is the breaststroke, and he could probably be world-class in that stroke’s events if he put his mind (and his training) to it. But Kalisz grew up in the Baltimore suburbs, and his second home was Meadowbrook Aquatic & Fitness Center, which Phelps had made famous as the most illustrious in a long line of star swimmers produced by North Baltimore Aquatic Club.
Kalisz wanted to be like Mike, so he made himself into a world-class butterfly swimmer. “Me doing butterfly is a testament to me wanting to swim the same event as Michael,” Kalisz said. “Butterfly didn’t come natural to me.”
He added: “Butterfly was something I had to work at, and I just loved racing next to Michael, and I did that enough that ultimately I would say the 200 butterfly is probably my second-best event. So I think me just wanting to emulate Michael so much is why my 2 fly is the way it is.”
The Phelps effect knows no geographical boundaries. At the 2012 Olympics, the South African Chad Le Clos swam the same four individual events as Phelps (the 100 and 200 butterfly and the 200 and 400 I.M.). After handing Phelps his first international defeat in 10 years in the 200 butterfly, Le Clos explained that he had added more events to his program, including the one that gave him a gold medal, after watching Phelps win a record eight golds in Beijing.
“He was the reason I swam the butterfly,” Le Clos said. “It’s not a joke.”
He added: “That’s why I swim the 200 freestyle, both the I.M.s. I don’t swim it for any other reason than just because Michael does.”
Le Clos took it personally when Phelps said last year that the men’s butterfly times around the world had been slow after the London Games, a factor that nudged Phelps out of retirement. After winning the 100 butterfly in 50.56 seconds at last summer’s world championships in Russia — a competition from which Phelps was absent — Le Clos crowed that his idol could “keep quiet now.”
Phelps, who competed at the United States senior nationals last summer after being removed from the American squad for the world championships following a drunken-driving arrest, responded hours later with a 50.45 to win the 100 butterfly.
“Chad liked me, and then he didn’t like me,” Phelps said recently with a laugh. “He said I was his hero, and then he was calling me out.”
In the winter of his career, Phelps finds himself in a position similar to that of Tiger Woods: The children he inspired have grown up to provide some of his fiercest competition.
At the 2014 Pan Pacific Championships in Australia, Daiya Seto of Japan shyly approached Phelps and showed him a photograph, taken at the 2001 edition of the meet in Japan. It was of a 7-year-old Seto, now one of the top individual medley swimmers in the world, posing with Phelps. “It was unbelievable,” Phelps said. “It’s insane.”
The Australian Mitch Larkin had not yet become a worldbeater in the backstroke events when he had a memorable encounter with Phelps. It was in 2012, at an Olympic tuneup meet in the United States. Larkin said he had been walking on the pool deck after racing in the 200 I.M. when Phelps called him by name, praised his effort and said, “Keep doing what you’re doing.”
Larkin said, “That was a massive moment for me.”
He said he had called his parents back in Australia, the time difference be damned, to tell them about the encouragement. “It just brings tears to my eyes remembering how excited Mitch was,” said Larkin’s mother, Judy. “It was a lovely moment for him that he’ll always treasure.”
Four years later, Larkin, 22, is the reigning world champion and the world No. 1 in the 100 and 200 backstrokes. Phelps’s magnanimous gesture, however indirectly, could end up spelling the end to the United States’ dominance in the stroke. The American men have won the last five Olympic gold medals awarded in the backstroke events.
The loss to Le Clos notwithstanding, Phelps has owned the 200 butterfly since placing fifth in the event at the 2000 Olympics at age 15. He has held the world record continuously since 2001, lowering it by 3.41 seconds in that span, to 1:51.51.
Between 2007 and 2009, his peak performance years, Phelps posted the four fastest times in history in the event. His 1:52.94 at last summer’s senior nationals led the world rankings in 2015.
The world has closed the gap, but Phelps remains the gold standard.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OMAHA — In the first three races of her third Olympic trials — two heats of the 100-meter backstroke and the 200-meter freestyle preliminaries — Missy Franklin swam scared. She put together a more composed race in the semifinals of the 200, and then a day later, in Wednesday’s final, Franklin broke free of the chains of anxiety that had constrained her.
Franklin, 21, finished second to Katie Ledecky in a time of 1 minute 56.18 seconds to earn a berth in the individual event and the 4x200 freestyle relay at the Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro. Ledecky was clocked in 1:54.88.
“People say there’s nothing like making your first Olympic team,” Franklin said. “But there’s nothing like making your second Olympic team.”
Allison Schmitt, the reigning Olympic champion in the 200 freestyle, will not defend her title. But the tears she shed after the race were not from disappointment. “I don’t know the last time I had happy tears,” said Schmitt, who finished fourth to secure her passage to Rio as a relay team member.
Franklin and Schmitt embraced after the race. Few people could understand Schmitt’s emotions better than Franklin, who finished seventh in the 100-meter backstroke on Tuesday. She needed to finish in the top two to be able to defend her Olympic title in the event.
“Last night was really hard,” Franklin said, adding that she had struggled to handle the expectations and pressure that she felt to match, or exceed, her 2012 performances. She was thinking about making the Olympic team, she said, and that was the wrong mind-set. “It’s just to swim well,” she said.
And swim well Franklin did, earning the admiration of the 19-year-old Ledecky in the process. “I told her after the race she’s one tough cookie,” Ledecky said. “She got the job done tonight.”
Melanie Margalis also showed her toughness by working an overtime shift. After finishing sixth in the 200 freestyle, which put her on the Olympic relay, she came back less than an hour later and somehow found a closing kick to out-touch Caitlin Leverenz, the bronze medalist in the event in 2012, by five-hundredths of a second with a 2:11.11. Maya DiRado, the winner of the 400 I.M., completed the double by touching first in 2:09.54.
“I can’t believe that just happened,” said Margalis, adding: “That 200 was one of the most painful I’ve had recently, so at first I was kind of like, oh, know, I have another event to do. But it worked out O.K.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lionsgate is near a deal to buy Starz, uniting the film studio behind “The Hunger Games” with the premium cable home of the “Outlander” television series, a person briefed on the matter said on Wednesday.
Any takeover would come at a premium to Starz’s Wednesday closing stock price of $28.25, which valued the channel operator at about $2.8 billion. Lionsgate closed on Wednesday with a market value of $3 billion.
A deal could be announced as soon as Thursday, according to the person, who was not authorized to speak publicly. Many details were being ironed out, and the talks could still falter.
If an agreement is reached, it would be the end of a long road for Starz, which has been the subject of merger speculation for three years, since being spun off from the Liberty Media empire controlled by the billionaire John C. Malone.
It also would be the latest instance of consolidation in the media industry.
Starz, run by the former HBO executive Chris Albrecht, has become one of the country’s top premium TV networks with hits like “Outlander” and “Power.”
The channel has surpassed Showtime to become the second-biggest premium cable TV network in the country with an estimated 23.6 million subscribers, according to SNL Kagan. It is topped only by the longtime king of premium cable, HBO.
Earlier this year, Starz rolled out a stand-alone app for Apple and Google devices, part of a trend of channels looking beyond traditional cable bundles.
For Lionsgate, buying the cable channel would help give it scale as media and telecommunications rapidly consolidate. Starz could help lock in an outlet for Lionsgate’s TV productions, providing ballast for a sometimes volatile movie business.
Analysts have discussed a potential tie-up of Lionsgate and Starz for some time. Last year, Lionsgate disclosed that it had acquired a stake in Starz through a complicated stock swap organized by Mr. Malone. Earlier this year, Lionsgate said that it was exploring a potential takeover of the cable channel.
Starz fielded multiple takeover bids, according to the person briefed on the matter. But Lionsgate has been considered a front-runner for some time, in part because the companies had worked together on projects like the TV shows “Boss” and “Crash.”
And then there is Mr. Malone, who sits on Lionsgate’s board and has long been known as a savvy deal maker.
His counterpart at Lionsgate is Mark Rachesky, the investor who is chairman of the studio and has a reputation for hard-nosed negotiating.
Representatives for Lionsgate and Starz declined to comment or were not available for comment on the talks, which were reported earlier by Bloomberg News.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Under slate-colored light slanting from the skylights, the women entered the city pool on Wednesday morning, its oxidized copper ceiling lending a mint-green cast to the water’s surface. Their swimming outfits would have been considered prudish even by the standards of 1922, when the pool was built. They swam in dresses, some with long sleeves. One paddled in thick black tights. Inside the locker room, wigs sat upside down on window ledges and benches while their owners swam with heads under ruffled swimming caps or knotted silk scarves.
The swimmers were Hasidic women, who abide by strict codes of modesty and who go to the Metropolitan Recreation Center in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, for an unusual feature: It is one of two city swimming pools with gender-segregated hours. The other is the St. John’s Recreation Center in Crown Heights, Brooklyn.
Although Wednesday was the urbanite’s summer solstice — the day that New York City’s 55 outdoor pools opened for the season and children could, at last, carom into the chlorine — the swimming season at the placid indoor pool in Williamsburg lasts all year. But a tempest has been threatening it, and the women who have long seen the lap pool as a sanctuary are awaiting a decision that city officials now say is imminent about the future of the segregated swimming sessions.
For 20 years, the center has blocked off female-only hours to accommodate the area’s large Hasidic population. The pool has no male-only hours, and some Hasidic men swim during the hours that are open to all genders. An anonymous complaint was lodged recently with the city’s Human Rights Commission, which sent a notice to the parks department this spring saying that the policy might violate a city law barring gender discrimination in public accommodations.
A public furor soon ensued.
For critics, the pool’s segregated hours inappropriately create a religious exemption at a public facility, a violation of the separation of church and state. But defenders of the hours contend it is a fair accommodation for a minority group, akin to wheelchair ramps, that truly makes the pool a municipal space for all — at least at their appointed hour.
The Human Rights Commission and the parks department said the agencies had been in talks and planned to announce their decision as early as this week.
Women’s hours are held three times a week during the summer months. At 10 a.m. on Wednesday, a lifeguard’s whistle squealed. “Everybody out,” she said.
In fact, the message was just for the men. The women’s hours would begin at 10:30 a.m. (There was a half-hour break in between.) Swimming freestyle in the lane marked “Slow,” Tim Main stopped and gripped the pool ladder, peeling off his goggles. He turned to the nearest pool-goer and threw up his hands. “I hope this goes all the way to the Supreme Court,” he said before climbing out and shaking off.
“The idea of being kicked out from swimming time isn’t really the issue,” Mr. Main, 56, said later, now dry and standing on Bedford Avenue in front of the brick pool house. “It’s the creeping of religious stricture into public space.”
Behind him, inside the recreation complex, a lifeguard pulled closed the thick plastic curtains to obscure the swimmers from the lobby during the women’s hours.
“Here in New York, where we have people from so many different backgrounds, the idea of being culturally sensitive is something that everybody talks about,” said State Assemblyman Dov Hikind, a Democrat who represents the heavily Hasidic area of Borough Park and has opposed ending the sessions. “You might think, ‘Wow, why should the city have to bend over to do this?’ But there is a lot of argument that this is all part of reasonable accommodation.”
But Donna Lieberman, executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union, took the opposite view.
“People who have a religious objection to men and women, boys and girls, swimming in the same pool at the same time have every right to their beliefs and to limit their swimming in accordance with those religious beliefs,” she said. “But they have no right to impose a regime of gender discrimination on a public pool.
“What we have here is the imposition of a religious dogma to the detriment to the rest of the city,” she added.
Gripping a yellow pool noodle, Miriam Kahn, 77, treaded water in a pink dress and a pink ruffled swimming cap on Wednesday morning. “In our religion, women don’t go to no beach, don’t go to no movies, nothing,” she said in a thick Israeli accent. “Can’t we have this something?”
Other cities have accommodated religious preferences for single-sex swimming. In Toronto, a similar program at a public pool that catered to Muslim women drew praise for offering that population a rare chance to learn to swim. There are similar programs elsewhere in the United States.
Only 45 swimmers at a time are permitted at the pool in Williamsburg. Most days, Ms. Kahn said, there is a line of women waiting their turn, including the occasional Muslim woman. On Wednesday, the lanes were full of women in calf-length, denim-colored dresses with three-quarter sleeves. The only thing that vaguely identified the outfits as seaworthy was a palm tree or a beach ball embroidered on the chest.
In a black frock, Tzurtie Kahan, 66, swam up. Hasidic men, she explained, go to synagogue, to Torah study, to work. Women like her have few opportunities to socialize, she said. “This is a freedom country,” she said in English inflected with a Yiddish patois. “Can’t we practice our religion? Can’t there be space for us?”
She, too, had a complaint about the women’s hours at the pool: They are too brief.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WINTER GARDEN, Fla. — Jeff Hornacek, the new Knicks coach, delivered some truth Wednesday afternoon after his team’s first summer league practice.
“We have a lot of roster spots right now,” he said.
The Knicks are set for a summer of change, with just five players under contract for next season. That means opportunities for the youngsters who have assembled here for summer league. Ognjen Kuzmic? Ron Baker? DaJuan Summers? Some of these players may turn out to be more than mere footnotes moving forward, if only because the Knicks need bodies.
Then again, the Knicks hope to make their biggest splash in free agency, an annual mad dash for dollars that will commence Friday, when players can begin meeting with interested teams. The Knicks are expected to have more than $30 million to spend under the salary cap, but that does not make them unique.
“A lot of teams have money to spend,” Hornacek said. “We have a pretty good amount, it sounds like. Hopefully, we can get a player or two that will help us.”
Having traded Robin Lopez to the Chicago Bulls last week as a part of a deal that sent Derrick Rose to New York, the Knicks will make a priority of landing a defense-minded center, Hornacek said. The team also needs a starting shooting guard, but that seems to be second on the list.
“I definitely think we need an experienced big in there,” Hornacek said. “With the two guard, we probably should be able to find someone. We have enough scorers. We need a guy at the two spot who can help run the offense, maybe get some kick-out 3s. But maybe the five man might be a little more important of a position.”
Hornacek did not name possibilities, but the Knicks could target Pau Gasol or Joakim Noah, both of whom played alongside Rose with the Bulls. As for the biggest name in free agency, it remains to be seen if the Knicks will be included in the Kevin Durant sweepstakes.
Phil Jackson, the Knicks’ president, was here Wednesday to watch practice from the bleachers. Afterward, he made his way down to the court to speak with Hornacek and the coaching staff, appearing animated as he mimicked a cut to the basket. Hornacek was asked about Jackson’s operating as a hands-on executive.
“I think that’s great,” Hornacek said. “How many G.M.s have that many championships and ran the offense? I don’t think it’s weird at all. It’s basketball. All coaches want to have different thoughts. Nobody can expect to know everything. With Phil’s expertise in seeing this run for years and years, any little hints he can give us have been helpful.”
The Knicks are doing things differently this summer. A longtime mainstay at the Las Vegas summer league, which is typically staged later in July, well after the start of free agency, the Knicks are participating in the Orlando summer league for the first time instead. Their first game is scheduled for Saturday against the Detroit Pistons.
Kristaps Porzingis, the Knicks’ presumed cornerstone, will not participate. He has been working out at home in Latvia.
Cleanthony Early, a second-round draft pick in 2014 who missed most of last season after he was shot in the knee during a late-night robbery, said he was looking forward to his stint with the team in Orlando. While Hornacek has made it clear that he plans to use parts of the triangle offense, a scheme favored by Jackson, Early said the team was looking to push the ball more.
“We’re not looking so much to force it into the triangle,” said Early, a small forward. “Being athletic and fast, we want to get the easiest and quickest baskets we can.”
While no official announcements have been made, Hornacek has filled out his staff. On Wednesday, he was joined by a mix of holdovers (Kurt Rambis, Joshua Longstaff and David Bliss) and newcomers (Howard Eisley, Jerry Sichting and Corey Gaines). Sichting and Gaines were on Hornacek’s staff when he coached the Phoenix Suns.
“You’ve got to develop some continuity,” Hornacek said.
Along those lines, Hornacek recently visited Carmelo Anthony at one of his private workouts in New York. Hornacek wanted to talk with Anthony about last season, he said, to get a sense of what had worked and what changes Anthony hoped to see.
Hornacek also said he had studied game film before visiting Anthony so he could share some insights about his positioning on the court.
“Simple stuff,” Hornacek said. “Nothing new. But I just told him, just from watching tape, a couple of things that I thought could help him. The guy knows how to play. He’s a great player. There’s not a lot of things. But I think veteran players — they’re trying to learn from year to year, pick one or two things up.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As Washington Heights rejoiced on Wednesday over the apparent victory of Adriano D. Espaillat in the Democratic primary to choose a successor to Representative Charles B. Rangel, the scene and tone could not have been more different a few dozen blocks to the south.
There, in Harlem, black political leaders and residents began to grapple with the end of a run of more than seven decades during which the neighborhood was represented in Congress by one of its own. The primary results also draw the curtain on an era — already a long time in passing — in which Harlem was the center of black political power in New York City and beyond.
“It’s the end of a culture,” said Rudy Williams, 63, a substance abuse counselor, who was sitting with friends in folding chairs on a sidewalk on Malcolm X Boulevard. Wearing a bright yellow newsboy hat and matching pants, he worried about what Mr. Espaillat’s win would mean for the neighborhood. “Harlem is a far cry from Washington Heights,” he said.
Reginald Jones, 51, chimed in: “We have no more face. It’s a perpetual loss of ground, a loss of the black community having identity.”
Mr. Espaillat, a state senator, was seeking to become the first Dominican immigrant to win election to Congress. He held a lead of 1,236 votes over the closest competitor, State Assemblyman Keith L.T. Wright, an African-American like Mr. Rangel, who endorsed him.
Mr. Wright refused to concede, suggesting on Tuesday night that there had been voting irregularities and insisting that all absentee ballots and affidavit ballots be counted. But Mr. Espaillat’s lead, equal to nearly three percentage points, appeared insurmountable.
If that lead does hold up, Mr. Espaillat is almost assured victory in the general election in November, since the district, covering Upper Manhattan and parts of the Bronx, is overwhelmingly Democratic.
Just as assuredly, Mr. Espaillat’s ascension led political insiders to debate what it meant for the shifting terrain of New York City politics.
“This is an amazing transition for two communities,” said George Arzt, a political consultant. “It’s historic for the Dominican community to have its first congressperson. It is a blow to the African-American community to lose a congressman who has long represented the dreams of African-Americans in Harlem.”
Mr. Rangel has served in Congress for 45 years. Before him there was Adam Clayton Powell Jr., a giant of 20th-century black politics.
Mr. Rangel was part of what was known as the Gang of Four, a group of Harlem politicians whose influence dominated the city and state and reached to Washington. Two of the group’s members, Percy E. Sutton and Basil A. Paterson, have died; another, former Mayor David N. Dinkins, is retired; and Mr. Rangel, 86, is about to follow him.
While Harlem’s grip on political power may have faded, the influence of other parts of the city has increased, in particular Brooklyn and Southeast Queens, where there are three black members of Congress, and prominent black local officials, including Letitia James, the city’s public advocate, and the Brooklyn borough president, Eric L. Adams.
“The passage out of office of Rangel and the failure of his protégé to win the nomination is the exclamation point in a sentence that we’ve been reading for a while,” said John Mollenkopf, who directs the Center for Urban Research at the City University of New York Graduate Center.
Much of what has happened is a response to the city’s changing demographics. Upper Manhattan has lost black and Puerto Rican residents — partly because of rising rents caused by gentrification — while gaining white and Dominican residents.
And the boundaries of Mr. Rangel’s district were redrawn several years ago to include parts of the Bronx, which meant the district over all had more Hispanic than black residents.
So for many, Mr. Espaillat’s victory, or that of another Hispanic, was just a matter of time.
That suggests a broader trend of increased Hispanic political power in the city, although there are many challenges for Hispanic politicians to mobilize a fractured electorate. Hispanics tend to identify by nationality first, so Colombian, Dominican, Ecuadorean, Mexican and Puerto Rican voters may support politicians from their own national groups, but may not necessarily see shared interests with those from other groups.
That could mean that while Mr. Espaillat’s apparent victory justifiably sparked proud celebration in Washington Heights, a Dominican enclave, it may not say much about Hispanic influence beyond Upper Manhattan and the Bronx.
Melissa Mark-Viverito, the City Council speaker, who is Puerto Rican, supported Mr. Espaillat. The Bronx borough president, Ruben Diaz Jr., supported Mr. Wright, but Mr. Espaillat still performed much better in the Bronx.
Others cautioned not to read too much into Mr. Espaillat’s victory.
“There’s no seismic shift,”’ said Geoffrey L. Garfield, a political consultant who worked with another candidate in the crowded primary, Adam Clayton Powell IV, who finished far back in the nine-person field. Of the nine candidates in the primary, four were black; together they received more than 50 percent of the vote. That suggests Mr. Espaillat could face a strong challenge in future primaries from a single African-American opponent.
“The next cycle he’ll be challenged again,” Mr. Garfield said. “I think he’ll lose in a one-on-one.”
That sentiment was not widely shared in Washington Heights. Rosanna Crisostomo, Dominican resident of the neighborhood who works in a home care agency, praised Mr. Espaillat’s support for the area as she bought fruit from a stand on the corner of 182nd Street and St. Nicholas Avenue.
“He went for it and he got it,” she said. “Now we hope that every step he takes he thinks about his people.”
Mr. Espaillat, for his part, was clearly sensitive to accusations that he had played too heavily to his Dominican base, and would not represent Harlem with the same vigor as Mr. Rangel.
“To those who voted for one of my worthy opponents: I pledge to work my heart out to represent you, knowing that our district is not a Latino or black or Asian district,” Mr. Espaillat said in a statement on Wednesday. “It’s a district that belongs to all of us, and we simply cannot succeed unless all of us are moving forward together.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SURT, Libya — Perched on a doorstep, the teenage Juma brothers whiled away the afternoon with a lazy game of checkers, pushing pebbles around a board chalked in the dust, seemingly oblivious to the crackle of gunfire and boom of artillery a few miles away.
They had fled their home in Surt, the Islamic State’s Libyan stronghold, three weeks earlier as a Libyan fighting force, quietly supported by American and British Special Operations troops, swept toward the coastal city from the desert. Now, as the siege intensified, the Juma brothers were sitting out the battle at this farmhouse on the southern edge of Surt, their apprehension tempered by a wave of sheer relief.
“Life was hell,” said Hammad, a lanky 16-year-old with a shock of unkempt hair, describing the Islamic State’s brutal 18-month rule. Cafes were closed, schools renamed and girls flogged for not covering their faces, he said. He watched in horror as a hooded figure chopped off the hand of a thief — a desperate man who had stolen medicine. Nightmares came after the Islamists crucified people accused of crimes at a major traffic junction, then left their bodies to rot.
“I would wake in a panic, thinking I was suffocating,” he said. His brother Mohammed, 19, nodded in agreement. The Islamists had executed his friend Abdullah by pushing him from a tall building, accusing him of blasphemy. Abdullah was 15 years old, Mohammed said.
The assault on Surt, now in its third week, has put the Islamic State in Libya under crushing pressure, threatening to rob the group of its largest base outside Iraq and Syria. The attack force, led by militias from the nearby city of Misurata and organized under the auspices of the United Nations-backed unity government, has corralled the Islamists into the city center, where they are pummeled with bombs and gunfire and cut off from their main escape route by sea.
The siege coincides with the Islamic State’s recent eviction from the Iraqi city of Falluja, and combined they are a heavy blow to the group’s territorial ambitions — even as it retaliates with devastating attacks against civilians. Turkish officials say they suspect the Islamic State of being responsible for the suicide bombings at the Istanbul airport on Tuesday that killed at least 41 people.
The Surt offensive moved with breathtaking speed at first, shrinking the territory controlled by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, from 150 miles of coastline to barely four miles. But since the battle reached the densely defended streets of Surt, progress has been measured in yards, and the price in blood has risen sharply.
I arrived last week, with a photographer and a Libyan journalist who has worked for The New York Times since 2011. The first hurdle was bureaucratic: negotiating the maze of official permissions required to work in a country with three rival governments, and split by byzantine rivalries.
After acquiring the paperwork, and a commander willing to take us into the battle zone, we set off at night, speeding down a highway strewn with the charred remains of vehicles destroyed in suicide bombings.
Surt crackled with tension. We had arrived after the bloodiest day of fighting yet, in which 36 Libyan fighters had died and over 150 were injured in the latest push toward Islamic State lines. In all, over 800 men had been wounded since the fighting started, medics at the nearby field hospital said.
On the beach road, where artillery cases littered the empty street, fighters crouched under a berm of sand. Occasionally they leapt to their feet, spraying bullets toward Islamic State fighters in buildings more than 200 yards down the street.
The reply came in the form of a sharp crack, then the soft zip of a sniper’s bullet whistling overhead.
Their commander was Mohammed Ahmed, a preternaturally calm man who, in T-shirt and flip-flops, seemed dressed more for the beach than a front line. He called orders into a walkie-talkie then pointed behind us, to a cluster of holiday villas where Libya’s longtime dictator, Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, once housed visiting foreign dignitaries. Now it was raked with bullet holes and smeared with graffiti.
Capturing the villas, and a few hundred yards of road, cost the lives of four men, he said.
Circling drones overhead signaled the presence of small teams of American and British Special Operations forces that, according to Libyan officials, are using surveillance technology to provide targeting information to Libyan artillery spotters and their handful of aging warplanes.
“They tell the ground forces where to push and where to hold, and they coordinate the airstrikes,” said Mohamed Benrasali, a senior politician from Misurata.
That, so far, has been the extent of direct Western help on the battlefield, even as Libyan commanders appeal for more muscular assistance — ammunition, airstrikes and medical supplies.
“Here we are, fighting the West’s war against terrorism,” said Ibrahim Mustafa, 29, a commander, in a widely held view. “But although the West promises help, it never comes.”
The American officials and their allies counter that they must proceed cautiously, worried that such help could upset the precarious balance between Libya’s many factions and potentially inflaming a knotty civil conflict involving an array of outside countries.
Below the drones. the ground fight is a decidedly analogue affair. Many of the Libyan militiamen are part-time fighters armed with decades-old weapons. Their commanders scoff at Pentagon estimates of 6,500 Islamic State fighters in Libya — or a figure of 8,000, given by John Brennan, the director of the C.I.A., in testimony to Congress on June 20. The Libyans estimate that no more than 600 fighters are left in the city. But few doubt that the Islamic State fighters cornered in central Surt — mostly from Tunisia, Egypt and Sudan, according to anecdotal accounts, as well as a smaller number of Libyans — make a determined enemy.
At the beach front, a handful of fighters walked toward the sea, only to halt in their tracks: A barely visible line was pulled tautly across the sand, a mark of land mines laid in the night. The fighters retraced their steps, slowly, to the road.
Despite the fighting, the Islamic State radio station still broadcasts across Surt, offering a mixture of stuffy religious sermons and red-blooded threats against the group’s enemies. But predictions that Surt could become Raqqa on the Mediterranean, in a reference to the Islamic State headquarters in Syria, now look highly unlikely.
As the Libyan fighters push deeper into Surt, the infrastructure of fear that helped the Islamic State exert a viselike grip is being dismantled. At the Zafran roundabout, the scaffolding where men in orange jumpsuits were once executed has been pulled down, and the Islamic State flag has been replaced by the Libyan national standard.
Retreating fighters have mustered at the Ouagadougou Center, a cavernous, marble-walled conference hall turned religious pulpit and weapons store. Their families cluster in an area called Dollar, with no water or electricity, former residents say.
For decades Surt was a byword for tribal cronyism in Libya. Colonel Qaddafi, who was born in a tent 10 miles south of the town, devised a series of vainglorious schemes intended to catapult the obscure city to global prominence. At one point he promoted it as the headquarters of a notional “United States of Africa.”
Today those ideas have gone from ridiculous to tragic as the follies of the era — the luxury hotels and villas, the conference hall and the Great Man-Made River, a multibillion-dollar water project that Colonel Qaddafi hailed as the “eighth wonder of the world” — form a crumbling backdrop to Libya’s latest violent drama.
Colonel Qaddafi’s more enduring legacy is the paranoid factionalism that has pitted Libya’s politicians, fighters and towns, so viciously against one another since 2011, and that could yet endanger battlefield gains against the Islamic State.
A few miles behind the front lines, the commander leading the assault on Surt sat in a cramped room, before a radio transmitter and a large screen with a Google Earth map detailing the battlefield. It was the holy month of Ramadan, so most of his fighters were not eating during daylight hours. In the darkness of evening, after the fast had been broken, the commander lounged in the courtyard of his small compound, sucking on a water pipe, as he welcomed subordinates who huddled over maps, sipped sweet coffee and plotted the next day’s actions.
The commander agreed to be interviewed on the condition of anonymity, citing fears that his family could be targeted in Islamic State attacks. He was at once welcoming and guarded — loudly echoing popular complaints about lack of Western support, but also making it clear that he considered Western intentions in Libya to be cynical.
“We’re sending our youth to die against terrorists, and Europe is playing football matches,” he said, referring to the soccer championship underway.
Surprisingly, he did not see the Islamic State as the greatest danger to Libya. Instead he expounded at length about the perfidy of Khalifa Hifter — the dominant military commander in eastern Libya, and a man widely viewed by many Misuratans as an enemy. The commander suggested that Mr. Hifter, in concert with a relative of Colonel Qaddafi’s based in Cairo, was secretly supporting the Islamic State — a theory given little credence by Western officials, but one that points to the deep suspicions that undergird every aspect of the Libyan society.
Mr. Hifter, for his part, also holds himself out as a warrior against Islamist extremists in the eastern cities of Benghazi and Derna. Last week he traveled to Moscow, requesting that the Kremlin provide him with weapons, Russian news media reported.
Such jostling has plagued efforts to bring Libya to peace since 2011, and helped the Islamic State move into Surt in 2014. Local clashes in recent weeks between rival groups near Tripoli and in Ajdabia, east of Surt, provide ominous signals of rising political as well as military tensions.
Although the unity government enjoys strong backing from the United Nations, the United States and many European countries, it has weak political authority and, on the ground in Surt, little respect. Instead, most fighters claimed to be fighting in the name of their town, their brigade, or their blood.
On the eastern front line, near the city port, Mohammed Haima peered down a pair of old military binoculars, one lens broken, toward the Islamic State lines a few hundred yards away.
The extremists had captured his brother, a fighter named Faisal, last summer, he said. He later learned, from a former prisoner, that Faisal had been tortured and had his fingernails pulled out.
Two months ago Islamists phoned Mr. Haima, offering to trade his brother for another prisoner. No deal was made. So now, Mr. Haima said, he was fighting to find his brother, or to avenge his death.
“Those terrorists are a cancer that needs to be wiped out,” he said. “They made my brother call me to prove he was alive. I’m going to find him for his sake — and for that of our mother.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FARMINGTON, Conn. — As a pastor, Sam Saylor knows how draining the fight against gun violence can be. For years he attended vigils and comforted families until he could not take it anymore; he could not find the words for the grieving parents.
Then Mr. Saylor’s son Shane was killed, shot in the back as he tried to run from his assailant. Less than two months later, the shootings at nearby Sandy Hook Elementary School that killed 26 people, including 20 children, put the grimmest possible national spotlight on gun violence.
But minutes after speaking alongside Gov. Dannel P. Malloy and two members of the House of Representatives on Wednesday morning, Mr. Saylor could not conceal his impatience with Congress.
“Truthful?” he said. “We said, did it take Orlando for them to grow courage?”
House Democrats hosted 40 events across the country on Wednesday, with more than 60 members participating, trying to maintain the momentum created by their more than 25-hour sit-in on the chamber floor last week after the June 12 shooting at a nightclub in Orlando, Fla.
Scattered across their districts, the handful of committed but often wary activists who greeted them Wednesday served as a reminder of how difficult it can be to keep people energized when they have been disappointed for so long.
Just an hour’s drive from the site of the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook in Newtown, Conn., Mr. Saylor and a few dozen others who favor gun restrictions joined Representatives Elizabeth Esty and Rosa DeLauro, Democrats of Connecticut, at a news conference at the University of Connecticut’s Health Center.
This state has become an emotional center of the gun control debate — and an example to those sick of waiting for Congress to act. In 2013, after Congress failed to restrict access to firearms, Connecticut enacted its own ban on many semiautomatic rifles.
It is a matter of identity for Mary Ellen Thibodeau of West Hartford. As she waited for Ms. Esty and Ms. DeLauro’s event to begin, Ms. Thibodeau, 66, described a trip to Costa Rica after the shooting in Newtown, where she was asked where she was from.
“We said, oh, Connecticut,” she said. “And they said, oh, Newtown. It was like, oh, that’s what we’re known for now. And that was really disappointing.”
Ms. DeLauro dismissed the idea that they were fighting a losing battle because of the nearly unanimous opposition from Republicans, who hold majorities in Congress.
“A vote ultimately may be unlikely, but I’m not going to concede that that is the point,” she said. “The fact of the matter is that we do have an opportunity.”
Democrats are hopeful that the confluence of terrorism and guns in the recent Orlando shooting has been enough to draw a few more Republicans to their side. Last week eight Senate Republicans joined Democrats in keeping alive a “no fly, no buy” bill introduced by Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine.
Ms. Esty, who represents Newtown, argued that holding a vote would be to their advantage.
“If we were allowed a vote in the House of Representatives on comprehensive background checks, that would pass,” she said. “We have nearly 190 listed co-sponsors, bipartisan, and from conversations in back rooms, there are many Republicans who would vote for it if we were allowed a vote.”
House Democrats saw similar crowds at their events across the country after organizers of the sit-in called last week for a “national day of action” to be held on Wednesday. In Baltimore, several dozen people turned out for an event with four Democratic members of Maryland’s delegation, including Representatives Elijah Cummings and Chris Van Hollen, according to Mr. Van Hollen’s office. At a larger event in Chicago, several hundred people showed up for a rally with six House Democrats, Representative Jan Schakowsky of Illinois’ office said.
Not every event was so public, though. Representative Hank Johnson of Georgia met with activists at his Lithonia, Ga., office on Wednesday. Representative Ruben Gallego of Arizona held a conference call with reporters and local Arizona activists.
Mr. Van Hollen said Democrats are keeping all of their options open about what they will do when they return from the July Fourth recess next week.
“We have lots of options for making sure we do not return to business as usual until we have a vote on these common sense gun safety measures,” he said in a phone interview.
The protest in many ways started two weeks ago, when Senator Chris Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut, took to the floor in a 15-hour “talk-athon” with Senator Richard Blumenthal, his fellow Connecticut Democrat, among others.
And House Democrats reminded Republicans of their continued commitment to disruption on Tuesday, when a small group of lawmakers took to the floor during a “pro forma” session and, a largely symbolic protest.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan, Republican of Wisconsin, cautioned Monday that he would not allow the disruptions to continue.
“We will not tolerate this,” he said in an interview with the website wispolitics.com.
Despite the wariness of many supporters, the latest push feels like a breakthrough to others. Brandon McGee, a state representative in Connecticut, stood before several dozen people at a forum in Hartford hosted by Representative John Larson, one of the organizers of the sit-in, gesturing enthusiastically as he described what last week’s protest meant to him.
“That was monumental,” Mr. McGee said. “I think it started the new civil rights movement.”
But it also became clear that, in many ways, there is still a gulf among those who support more gun restrictions. Rev. Henry Brown, who was at both events in Connecticut on Wednesday, said he was dismayed that the organizers at the morning news conference in Farmington focused on mass shootings without discussing the violence their neighbors in Hartford grapple with daily.
“They didn’t even mention the violence that goes on in Hartford,” he said.
“If we are on the battlefield together, don’t you think there should have been some mention of what was going on in urban communities?” he continued. “It’s good that we’re talking about long guns, but the majority of our children are being killed by handguns.”
“Our babies die every day,” said Steve Harris, a retired firefighter and former member of the Hartford City Council, who was moderating the forum. “We have our Sandy Hook moment every day.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A political operative with ties to Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo is expected to be charged on Thursday in connection with a bribery scheme that involved a State Supreme Court justice in Buffalo, who has already pleaded guilty in the case.
The operative, G. Steven Pigeon, is accused in a criminal complaint of bribing the justice, John A. Michalek, with help for a promotion; favors for two close relatives; Buffalo Sabres hockey tickets; and a seat at one of Mr. Cuomo’s fund-raisers. In return, the complaint says, Mr. Pigeon received favorable treatment in court cases in which he and his acquaintances had an interest.
Mr. Michalek, who had served as a justice since 1995, pleaded guilty in State Supreme Court on Wednesday to a felony count of receiving a bribe. He also admitted to filing a public document with false information, also a felony.
The case stemmed from a joint state and federal investigation led by the state attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, into Mr. Pigeon’s fund-raising activities.
As part of his plea agreement, Mr. Michalek, who resigned from the bench, has agreed to cooperate with the investigation. Mr. Pigeon is expected to appear in court on Thursday on unspecified charges, according to Matt Mittenthal, a spokesman for Mr. Schneiderman.
According to the complaint, Mr. Michalek repeatedly asked for Mr. Pigeon’s assistance in moving up to the Appellate Division of the court, where there was a vacancy for an associate judgeship.
“Normally I wouldn’t mention it to you,” the justice wrote in an email to Mr. Pigeon in December 2012, beginning what the complaint said was a quest for the appointment that lasted two and a half years. “Wonder if you could help.”
Mr. Pigeon apparently went straight to the top.
“Unc Steve... How’d you do with the Gov????” Mr. Michalek wrote to Mr. Pigeon on Jan. 8, 2013.
“Bunch happening... In Albany now... Gov went well... Talked u up,” Mr. Pigeon replied. “Let’s have coffee soon.”
Public schedules for Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat, on and around that date, when he was preparing for his annual State of the State address, do not show Mr. Pigeon’s name. But the schedules do not always cover every detail of the governor’s day.
If the meeting did occur, nothing seemed to come of it. “Haven’t heard a peep about the Appp Div,” Mr. Michalek wrote to Mr. Pigeon the next month.
John Kelly, a spokesman for the governor, said: “Appointees for any state appellate court must first be reviewed and approved by the judicial screening committee. Mr. Michalek’s name was never advanced by the committee to the governor for consideration for any appointment.”
Mr. Pigeon and various political action committees with which he was involved were the subject of multiple inquiries into possible campaign finance improprieties in 2008. The next year, he and his sometime boss, the Rochester billionaire Tom Golisano, brokered a Republican coup in the State Senate that threw the Capitol into disarray for a month.
Yet Mr. Pigeon, a former chairman of the Erie County Democratic organization, later re-emerged as a key contact in Western New York for Mr. Cuomo’s office as he worked to gather local support during the governor’s 2014 re-election campaign.
Mr. Pigeon’s lawyer, Paul Cambria, declined to comment on Wednesday.
If Mr. Michalek never managed to rise to the Appellate Division, his relatives prospered under Mr. Pigeon’s guidance, according to the complaint. Mr. Pigeon found a contact to help one of those relatives get a job on a political campaign. Mr. Michalek and Mr. Pigeon also repeatedly discussed different options for a second relative, including appointments to a government task force or an education committee.
Through Mr. Pigeon, the relative also got a $1,000 seat at a fund-raiser in November 2013 for Mr. Cuomo’s re-election campaign.
“We will continue to root out public corruption wherever we find it,” Mr. Schneiderman said.
The arrangement had benefits for Mr. Pigeon, too. The emails about job prospects were often interspersed with discussions about several lawsuits that companies he was consulting for had pending before the justice, who was handling commercial civil cases in Erie County Supreme Court.
Mr. Pigeon was receiving money from a party to one of the lawsuits, while his colleagues or acquaintances had a financial stake in others.
Mr. Michalek often emailed updates on the lawsuits to Mr. Pigeon, who replied with his own input; gave Mr. Pigeon advice about the direction of the cases; and handed down rulings that benefited Mr. Pigeon, his clients and his business associates, according to the complaint. In one instance, Mr. Pigeon argued that the justice should deny a motion for a protective order against a subpoena. He complied.
In May 2012, when Mr. Michalek was looking for a lawyer to handle a receivership, he took Mr. Pigeon’s recommendation of a local lawyer whom Mr. Pigeon referred to as “my guy.”
The lawyer did not appear on the court’s list of qualified receivers, but Mr. Michalek cleared that hurdle by signing a special form that said he had “required the expertise” of Mr. Pigeon’s pick.
“Have to give them a spec reason etc,” Mr. Michalek wrote to Mr. Pigeon. “Will figure it out.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PARIS — Fathi Bayoudh was a respected officer and doctor in the Tunisian military, but on Tuesday night at Istanbul’s main airport he was a father worried about his wayward son.
Dr. Bayoudh, 58, had arrived in Istanbul weeks earlier to find his son, Anouar, 26, who had run off to join the Islamic State group in Syria. When he got word through the Tunisian Embassy in Turkey that the Turkish authorities had detained Anouar in a town near the border with Syria, he called his wife in Tunisia. They arranged to meet at Ataturk airport before heading to the town where Anouar was being held.
The two doctors were hoping to take their only son home.
But shortly before 10 p.m. on Tuesday, as he waited at the airport for his wife to arrive, three suicide attackers opened fire and then blew themselves up, killing at least 41 people, including Dr. Bayoudh. His death was confirmed Wednesday by Tunisia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs. His wife was not hurt in the attack.
Dr. Bayoudh “was a very generous man, lively and always very active,” said Leyla Njim, 32, a close friend of the family.
During his mandatory military service, he rose to the rank of colonel-major and then took charge of the pediatrics department at the military hospital in Tunis, the capital. He also worked for several nongovernmental organizations that provided aid in war-torn countries.
When their son left home earlier this year for what he said was an internship in Switzerland, they had no idea that he planned to join the Islamic State. When they learned the truth, they were devastated, family and friends reached by phone said.
According to a family member who asked not to be named because of concerns about his job, Anouar never went to Switzerland but traveled to France and then Turkey. From there he went to Iraq, where he joined the Islamic State group, and then to Syria.
The trip took about three months, but when he arrived in Syria, things were not as he expected. He called his father a month later, telling him he wanted to return home and asking him for help. Anouar then turned himself over to the Turkish authorities at the border.
Tunisia’s recent history has been particularly turbulent since the 2011 ousting of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, followed by an economic crisis and the country’s embrace of democracy.
It has also been the target of several terrorist attacks in the past two years carried out by fighters from the Islamic State and Al Qaeda in the Islamic Magreb.
Many of the North African country’s young people are adrift, jobless and embittered by unfulfilled promises. As many as 3,000 Tunisians have joined Islamist groups to fight in Syria in recent years, the Soufan Group, a New York-based organization that conducts security analysis, said in a report released in 2014.
Anouar, Dr. Bayoudh’s son, had trouble settling on a career. He studied medicine in Mauritania, then he studied to be a pilot at a school in Tunis. He was studying for a business degree when he left for Syria.
Dr. Bayoudh was known as a “rather severe man” but also “very kind” by the medical interns who worked closely with him, combining a concern for others with the rigor of a soldier, said Yossra Sdiri, 30, a medical student.
“He had a fatherly side, and he would say, ‘I am the only one who criticizes you,’ but then would defend us to other professors,” Ms. Sdiri recalled.
Mrs. Njim, the family friend, said Dr. Bayoudh was shocked by his son’s turn to radicalism but hopeful that he could be reunited with his family. “He loved his son so much,” she said, “he would have done anything for him. He went there to bring him back.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SAN FRANCISCO — With more start-ups and venture firms working harder to raise capital, there has been talk of a Silicon Valley slowdown. But investors in several venture funds are bucking that notion.
On Wednesday, the venture firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers disclosed in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it had raised a total of $1.4 billion across two investment funds over the last couple of months.
Kleiner Perkins joins a list of venture firms that have recently raised more than a billion dollars.
In the first quarter of this year, Founders Fund raised $1.3 billion, while Accel and Norwest Venture Partners each raised $1.2 billion, according to National Venture Capital Association data. Over all, the American venture industry raised $12 billion in the first quarter, a 59 percent increase by dollar commitments from the previous year, but a 17 percent decrease in total number of funds, the data shows.
A spokeswoman for Kleiner Perkins said the firm was in a quiet period and could not discuss the filings.
Kleiner Perkins has raised $1 billion for its KPCB Digital Growth Fund III, according to the filings. Growth funds tend to be large because they are used to fund older, late-stage private companies that need more money to grow.
Late-stage investments have grabbed headlines over the last few years for producing more than 160 private companies valued at more than $1 billion, including Uber, Airbnb, Dropbox and Snapchat.
Kleiner Perkins raised its first late-stage investment fund in 2010, and this is the firm’s third such vehicle.
Partners Mary Meeker, Ted Schlein, Mood Rowghani and Noah Knauf will lead the growth fund. This year, Mr. Knauf joined Kleiner Perkins from Warburg Pincus, where he was known for his investments in health care-related companies.
Kleiner Perkins also raised $400 million for its seventh venture fund, which makes smaller, earlier-stage investments.
That fund will be led by partners Ted Schlein, Beth Seidenberg, Mike Abbott, Wen Hsieh and Eric Feng. Mr. Feng recently joined the firm from Flipboard. He also worked at Kleiner Perkins six years before in an investing role.
John Doerr, the firm’s longtime leader, said in March that he was stepping back from day-to-day management.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton’s longtime aide and confidante, acknowledged that Mrs. Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state created frustration at times because of computer glitches but said she did not raise concerns about the unusual arrangement, according to a transcript of a deposition made public on Wednesday.
Ms. Abedin, who served as Mrs. Clinton’s deputy chief of staff at the State Department and is now the vice chairwoman of her presidential campaign, said her boss’s use of the private server was never intended to sidestep federal record-keeping laws. Mrs. Clinton, she said, wanted to protect her personal information “just like anybody who has personal email would want to keep their personal email private.”
The exchange focused on a 2010 email first disclosed by the State Department’s inspector general in a scathing report last month, in which Mrs. Clinton raised concerns about accepting a new BlackBerry because she did not want “any risk of the personal being accessible.” Mrs. Clinton has previously said that using a single, private email address on a private server was simply a matter of convenience.
Ms. Abedin is the seventh of eight aides and department officials who have now given sworn testimony in a legal proceeding brought by Judicial Watch, a conservative government watchdog organization. The organization’s case began with an inquiry into Ms. Abedin’s special employment status at the end of Mrs. Clinton’s tenure at the State Department. The group’s initial request for documents under the Freedom of Information Act turned up little, but the matter was reopened last year after Mrs. Clinton’s exclusive use of a private email for official State Department business became known.
The depositions have drawn attention to Mrs. Clinton’s use of the server at a time the F.B.I. is completing its investigation into the emails and Mrs. Clinton has tried to keep the focus on her election campaign against Donald J. Trump.
Patrick F. Kennedy, a career foreign service officer who is an under secretary of state for management and operations, testified in the same proceedings on Wednesday. His testimony is expected to be released on Thursday.
Ms. Abedin’s testimony, which lasted five hours, provided few new details about Mrs. Clinton’s use of the private server. She decided to use it when she began the move from the Senate to the State Department after President Obama nominated her to be secretary of state, a position she held from January 2009 to February 2013.
Ms. Abedin herself had an address on the private server, which aides to Bill Clinton maintained at the couple’s home in suburban New York, as well as an official address with the State Department’s system at state.gov.
While she testified that she did most of her email work on the official account, she said that she and Mrs. Clinton used the private server for some government business, as well, especially while traveling abroad.
Ms. Abedin said repeatedly that she gave no thought during her time at the State Department as to how the use of the private email server might affect requests for records under the Freedom of Information Act. She said she did not remember the preservation of records ever being discussed with Mrs. Clinton or with other State Department officials, even after public requests came in.
She said that because most of those emails were State Department-related issues forwarded from her government account, she assumed there was already a record of the exchange in the government account.
“Honestly, I wish I thought about it at the time,” she said. “As I said, I wasn’t perfect. I tried to do all of my work on state.gov. And I do believe I did the majority of my work on state.gov.”
Quizzed about the concerns Mrs. Clinton expressed in 2010 about her personal emails being made public, Ms. Abedin explained that at the time she and others in the department were trying to figure out why Mrs. Clinton had not received an email about a telephone call with Bernard Kouchner, who was then the foreign minister of France.
Ms. Abedin suggested to Mrs. Clinton that she should have a separate BlackBerry for work or post her personal address so that others in the department beyond her inner circle would know how to reach her in the future. In the end, both alternatives were rejected.
That exchange with Mrs. Clinton, Ms. Abedin said, was an occasion when the email arrangement disrupted official business, one of several glitches described in the depositions or the inspector general’s report.
“Just reading the exchange, she seems frustrated because she’s not able to do her job,” Ms. Abedin said, referring to Mrs. Clinton. “I seem frustrated back because I’m not.”
Ms. Abedin said repeatedly that she could not recall specific details about Mrs. Clinton’s email practices and said she was unaware of most of the technical matters involved. She also acknowledged that she refused to speak with the inspector general for its investigation – “on the advice of my attorneys.”
Ms. Abedin, like Mrs. Clinton and others, said she assumed that the use of a private email was allowed, even though the inspector general’s report concluded that no permission was ever sought and it would have been turned down if it had.
Asked why neither she nor other aides to Mrs. Clinton mentioned the private server to State Department officials in charge of preserving documents, she described it as an oversight. “It is not anything that occurred to us,” she said. “We all wish we could go back and that not be the case.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PARIS — When the bodies of Islamic State fighters are recovered on the Syrian battlefield, the passports found on them have often been stamped in Turkey, which thousands of recruits pass through on their way to join the terror group.
Fighters who call relatives abroad often do so using Turkish cellphone numbers, and when they need cash, they head to Western Union offices in southern Turkey, according to court and intelligence documents.
From the start of the Islamic State’s rise through the chaos of the Syrian war, Turkey has played a central, if complicated, role in the group’s story. For years, it served as a rear base, transit hub and shopping bazaar for the Islamic State, and at first, that may have protected Turkey from the violence the group has inflicted elsewhere.
Now, the Turkish government and Western officials say the suicide bombings at Istanbul’s main airport on Tuesday bore the hallmarks of an Islamic State attack, and they have added them to a growing roll call of assaults attributed to the group in Turkey in recent months.
Analysts said Turkey was paying the price for intensifying its action against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, ISIL or Daesh. Under mounting international pressure, the country began sealing its border last year, as well as arresting and deporting suspected militants. And last summer, Turkey allowed the United States to use Incirlik Air Base to fly sorties over the group’s territory in Syria and Iraq.
“Turkey has been cracking down on some of the transit of foreign fighters who are flowing into as well as out of Turkey, and they are part of the coalition providing support, allowing their territory to be used by coalition aircraft,” the director of the Central Intelligence Agency, John O. Brennan, said in an interview this week with Yahoo News. “So there are a lot of reasons why Daesh would want to strike back.”
Soon after the government’s decision to allow airstrikes to be carried out from the base in southern Turkey, the Islamic State began naming Turkey as a target, according to Michael S. Smith II, an analyst who closely tracks the group’s messaging. Last fall, the cover of the group’s Dabiq magazine ominously featured a photo of Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, standing alongside President Obama.
The attacks attributed to the Islamic State began around then, too, including devastating bombings in the southern city of Suruc in July 2015 and in Ankara, the capital, in October. This year, two suicide bombings targeted tourists in Istanbul.
The Islamic State was blamed for all of those attacks, yet none of them were claimed by the group, despite its habit of reveling in its violence elsewhere in the world. While officials blamed it for the attack on the Istanbul airport, the group’s daily news bulletins for Tuesday and Wednesday made no mention of the bombing. Its main English-language channel on the Telegram encrypted messaging app instead posted a photo essay of fighters in fatigues posing with automatic weapons on a hill in Deir al-Zour, Syria.
Some analysts saw this as the Islamic State trying to have it both ways: punishing Turkey for starting to act against it, but leaving enough of a gray area that it avoids a full-on clash with a country that has been valuable to its operations.
Still, there has clearly been a shift.
“Since mid-2015, a significant rise in pejorative references to the Erdogan government in Islamic State propaganda has indicated Turkey is now in its cross hairs,” Mr. Smith said, adding that this kind of rhetoric also preceded attacks in Western Europe and beyond. “An increase in terrorist attacks in Europe, in North Africa, in Bangladesh and in the Caucasus region were all preceded by increased focus on these areas in Islamic State propaganda materials.”
The group’s long honeymoon with Turkey started with the country’s aid to rebel groups that were fighting the government of Bashar al-Assad of Syria, often with the blessing of Western intelligence agencies, according to analysts. At the start, the Islamic State fit into that category, though it then began focusing more on eliminating competitors than fighting Mr. Assad.
Among the competitors the group was killing were Turkey’s avowed enemies: Kurdish separatists sheltering in Syria and Iraq. Turkey’s Western allies began accusing it of clinging to ambivalence toward the Islamic State. Even when it began strikes against the group last summer, its actions against the Kurds were more numerous and intense.
The centrality of Turkey for foreign volunteers flocking to the Islamic State is evident in court documents and intelligence records. Dozens of young men and women were arrested by the F.B.I. in the United States and by officials in Western Europe after they booked flights to Istanbul. Because so many of the group’s foreign fighters passed through Istanbul’s Ataturk Airport, the destination itself became synonymous with intent to join ISIS.
By 2015, the group was advising recruits to book round-trip tickets to beach resorts in southern Turkey instead, and to be sure to spend a few days pretending to be a tourist as a ruse.
That was the technique used by Reda Hame, a 29-year-old Parisian recruit. He explained to interrogators last summer, after he was arrested upon returning to France to carry out an attack, that he had made sure to buy a package stay at a beach resort in southern Turkey specifically because he wanted to throw off investigators, who knew to look for suspects heading to Istanbul. “I bought an all-inclusive holiday so that I could pass myself off as a tourist,” he said, according to a transcript of his interrogation by France’s domestic intelligence agency in August.
Thousands of pages of investigative documents from the agency, recently obtained by The New York Times, show that nearly all of the recruits arrested by officials in Europe had passed through Turkey on their way to join the Islamic State, as well as on their way back.
Seamus Hughes, the deputy director of George Washington University’s Program on Extremism, said that Turkey also figured heavily in the travel patterns of American adherents trying to join the group.
“The vast majority of American ISIS recruits used, or considered using, Turkey as their route,” said Mr. Hughes, who provided a breakdown showing that, of the 91 people charged with ISIS-related offenses in the United States, 18 purchased tickets through Istanbul, and 15 others either traveled through Turkey or considered doing so.
When Islamic State fighters communicated with worried family members, it was often with Turkish SIM cards. And investigation records reviewed by The Times show that two fighters who were arrested in Austria late last year, and who the police believed were supposed to take part in the Paris attacks on Nov. 13, had been sent money from their ISIS handler through a Western Union office in Turkey.
In his fortified office in northern Syria, Redur Khalil — the spokesman for the Y.P.G., the main Syrian Kurdish group fighting the Islamic State — keeps a stack of passports found on the bodies of the fighters his group has killed. He brings them out for reporters and turns the pages to show the Turkish entry stamps they all bear: proof, he said in an interview last summer, that the terrorist group’s foot soldiers are passing through Turkey.
Islamic State prisoners being held by the Kurds, whom The Times interviewed in the presence of a Y.P.G. minder, all said that they had moved freely across the Turkish border into Syria.
Bulent Aliriza, director of the Turkey Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said Turkey and its Western allies had not been quick enough to recognize the threat the Islamic State would pose.
He said that when the rebel groups in Syria began to gain strength, Turkey had nods of approval from the C.I.A. and MI6, the British intelligence agency, to allow arms and volunteers across its border and into rebel camps.
“Where Turkey can be accused of negligence is failing to understand, just as Pakistan did with the Taliban, that these radicals who crossed Turkey to get into Syria would morph into an organization that not only threatened the West, but ultimately itself,” Mr. Aliriza said. “The threat assessment simply did not happen fast enough.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When the New York City Education Department put a new Success Academy charter school in a building housing a troubled Brooklyn middle school in 2012, many believed the middle school was on its way to closing.
The school, Junior High School 50, known as John D. Wells, had struggled for years. In 2014, Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat, included it on a list of 94 chronically low-performing schools that the city was infusing with money and social services. Only 49 students were admitted last year.
But instead of dying, J.H.S. 50, in the Williamsburg neighborhood, is showing signs of revival.
A new principal has added programs and activities. The school is hopeful about its performance on this year’s standardized tests. And for the first time in many years, enrollment is expected to increase — 112 sixth graders are registered for September — a sign that parents like what they see happening there.
Now, in a twist, even as it grows, J.H.S. 50 will have to give up five classrooms next year, because the Success Academy school is expanding to fifth grade.
Supporters of J.H.S. 50 are accusing the Education Department of betting against a turnaround. Last year, when it approved Success’ expansion, the department drew up a plan assuming that J.H.S. 50’s enrollment would continue to decline, to as few as 165 students next year. The department is now projecting that the school will have around 230 students. The principal, Benjamin Honoroff, believes that enrollment could be as high as 270, given transfers and so-called over-the-counter students — often new immigrants who arrive in the middle of the year and are assigned to J.H.S. 50 because of its transitional bilingual program.
“We doubled our incoming sixth-grade class,” Mr. Honoroff said. “So I think that an equitable allocation would mean reconsidering some of those decisions.”
City Councilman Antonio Reynoso, who graduated from J.H.S. 50 in 1996, when it had close to 1,100 students, said that when the department made the plan, it promised to adjust it if enrollment increased.
“They said yes, that they would do that, and now we’re facing that issue right now and they’re saying no,” Mr. Reynoso, a Democrat whose district includes Williamsburg, said in an interview.
“They assumed that that wasn’t going to happen,” he added.
Success Academy, through a spokesman, disputed the idea that space was unfairly allocated. The spokesman, Stefan Friedman, said that the charter school expected to add 110 students next year, and that even if J.H.S. 50 reached an enrollment of 270, the two schools would have roughly the same number of students per classroom. He said that the department’s space allocations generally disfavored charter schools, and that several other Success schools in the city had many more students per classroom than traditional public schools in the same buildings.
Over the past two decades, as the surrounding area evolved from a neighborhood of bodegas and discount stores, where half the residents received public assistance, into one of multimillion-dollar apartments and popular restaurants, J.H.S. 50 was largely left behind.
Its students are mostly Hispanic and poor. Thirty-one percent have disabilities, and 29 percent do not speak English proficiently. In 2015, soon after J.H.S. 50 became part of Mr. de Blasio’s school improvement effort, which the administration calls Renewal Schools, only 10 percent of the students passed the state reading tests and only 7 percent passed the math test.
While the Renewal program as a whole has had mixed results, there are signs of progress at J.H.S. 50. The school was paired with a community organization called El Puente, which brought in new staff members to work on improving attendance, increasing parent engagement, training students in conflict mediation, and using art to help students in the bilingual program learn English.
Mr. Honoroff, who became principal last year after working as a literacy coach at the school, instituted new math and English curriculums, added small-group reading interventions for all students four times a week, and made room in the schedule for teachers to meet in teams several times a week to examine students’ work. While scores from this spring’s state tests are not back yet, students made substantial improvement on internal reading tests during the year. Mr. Honoroff has also made debate a major focus, and the school’s debate team recently won a citywide competition.
To tackle its low attendance rate, J.H.S. 50 has paired frequently absent students with staff mentors, who call students or visit them at home when they do not show up and offer positive reinforcement when they do. The rate of chronic absenteeism — the share of students whose attendance is below 90 percent — declined to 31 percent in 2015-16 from 40 percent in 2014-15.
J.H.S. 50 is also using the extra hour that all the schools in the Renewal program have added to their day to make going to school more appealing. Students can choose from a wide variety of extracurricular activities, including robotics, video game design, dance, mural painting, rock band and sports like soccer, baseball and basketball.
Mr. Honoroff is worried about losing dedicated space for some of those activities as the school struggles to fit into a smaller footprint next year. J.H.S. 50 will probably have to turn its dance studio into a regular classroom. It is likely to lose a new computer lab Mr. Reynoso financed. And several rooms will need to do double duty, as both a classroom and a music room, for instance.
To be sure, many schools in the city, both public and charter, struggle with space constraints. And the elementary school to which J.H.S. 50 is losing space, Success Academy Williamsburg, performs much better on state tests. Last year, 80 percent of its third graders — then its top grade — passed the reading tests and 99 percent passed the math tests. (The charter school has more white students and middle-class students, and fewer disabled students and students not proficient in English, than J.H.S. 50.)
One morning last week, Mr. Honoroff pointed out five classrooms assigned to Success this past year that he said went unused and three others that he said were used only sporadically, for occupational therapy.
A spokeswoman for the Education Department, Devora Kaye, said that the department was committed to supporting J.H.S. 50’s growth and that it would review space requirements after enrollment numbers were confirmed in October. In the meantime, she said, the department would help the principal with renovations and room conversions to make the space work this year.
But Mr. Reynoso said that having to squeeze into fewer classrooms could hurt the school’s ability to increase enrollment further.
“We’re about to take away space that they were using to attract parents,” he said.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WASHINGTON — The lusty applause that greeted his return to the Capitol is behind him now, as are the pecks on the cheek he received as he sat at his desk on the Senate floor, looking vaguely glum, receiving good wishes like a warrior returned to civilization, injured but intact.
Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont is back to giving floor speeches deriding the rich and defending those in misery, writing Op-Ed pieces against trade and giving television interviews during which he declines to fully support Hillary Clinton for president. He spent much of Wednesday vigorously denouncing a rescue bill for Puerto Rico that had the support of two-thirds of his fellow senators.
“Let us be clear,” Mr. Sanders said on the Senate floor Wednesday, reviving his familiar Brooklyn-inflected pedagogy. “This issue is a significant part of what the entire debate regarding Puerto Rico is about: Billionaire hedge fund managers who purchase Puerto Rican bonds for pennies on the dollar now want a 100 percent return on their investment, while schools are being shut down in Puerto Rico, while pensions are being threatened with cuts, while children on the island go hungry. That is morally unacceptable.”
Mr. Sanders, who has not withdrawn from the presidential race, has not really left the Democratic primary battlefield. Apparently defeated but decidedly unbowed, he has brought his campaign to Capitol Hill, most visibly in the large security detail that surrounds him as he moves about (“He is very secure,” noted Senator Tim Scott, Republican of South Carolina) but also in his comportment with his colleagues.
Eager to expand the left-leaning coalition he has built during his campaign, Mr. Sanders has been pushing his colleagues to take on policy fights that helped propel his base’s passion and gave him new gravitas among Democrats.
In addition to opposing the measure to aid Puerto Rico, he is working hard to kill trade agreements. He is threatening a bill that would govern the labeling of genetically modified food.
“Everyone knows the fervency of his opinions on different things,” said Senator Harry Reid, the minority leader, who, like most senators, was eager to get on with business and out of town for the Fourth of July.
The Democrats with whom the independent Mr. Sanders caucuses have been tolerant of his not-quite-campaign, in no small part because they do not wish to emulate Republicans, whose wounds have been oozing openly. But many Democratic colleagues, especially the women, are growing weary of his progressive lectures that seem more fit for a dais than a lunchroom encounter, and his unwillingness to energetically back Mrs. Clinton.
“He feels he has a duty to his followers to raise the flag on the issues they care about,” said Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri. “We are all being patient, and we’re all hopeful he’ll be on the campaign” for Mrs. Clinton.
For now, Mr. Sanders seems to be adjusting — if slightly mournfully — at the fork in the road between kind-of former candidate and definitely current senator. He walks through the halls at times emulating Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, whose shoulder he gave a squeeze as he bounded through the basement of the Capitol on Wednesday, brushing off reporters with a wave. At other times he becomes chatty again, talking about legislation he despises. “I’m sure it’s really hard on him,” said Senator Barbara Boxer, Democrat of California. “Losing is awful.”
He has his eyes on the senior Democratic slot on the Senate’s high-profile Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions — as of late very bipartisan — to the dismay of Republicans, who prefer Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the senior Democrat on the committee, and even some Democrats, who fret that Mr. Sanders might try to push the committee to the left on several issues.
“If the opportunity were to arise,” said Michael Briggs, a spokesman for Mr. Sanders, “he would be proud to chair that committee, which deals with so many issues of vital importance to the American people.” The decision is Ms. Murray’s to make.
Others said they can already see Mr. Sanders’s influence on Democrats. “He has made a big splash,” Mr. Scott said. “So his influence can be seen on Hillary Clinton’s campaign, and over the last few months up here, especially on the banking committee, he has moved people to the left.”
Mr. Sanders clearly wants to work with Democrats to put together legislation that reflects his priorities — like affordable college — while still working to get much of his agenda in the platform of the party to which he does not belong for its convention next month.
“As he has said many times, however, he does not believe real change is going to take place until a political revolution occurs and millions of people stand up and fight for their rights,” Mr. Briggs said.
For now, Mr. Sanders’s campaign has given him newfound clout among Democrats. But he risks losing some if he does not endorse Mrs. Clinton soon, and he is still working to figure out how to spend his capital in a caucus where he lacks many close friends.
“Bernie is going to do what Bernie’s going to do,” said Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, “and the only thing I think is that it should be something constructive and helpful to the ticket.”
Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, recognizes that Mr. Sanders’s appeal is valuable to the party and will try to harness it, while attempting to convince him that uniting around Mrs. Clinton is the best way to defeat Donald J. Trump in November. “In our caucus,” Mr. Schumer said, “the general view is that Bernie is a constructive force.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Yankees find themselves at a precarious moment, facing a crossroads just up ahead. With a short winning streak — just a tick above mediocre — they could feel like contenders. With a long patch of losing, they could be forced to confront a harsh new reality.
Their victory on Wednesday — a 9-7 comeback thriller over the Texas Rangers — might have been their biggest of the season. Alex Rodriguez said it was. Didi Gregorius, who ended the game with a line drive over the right-field fence, would not go there.
“The biggest is yet to come,” Gregorius said. “We’re playing better. A lot of stuff is going to happen, and we’re going to play better baseball from now on.”
The Yankees can only hope so, because they still must reveal their true identity before the Aug. 1 trading deadline. They are 38-39 and leave for a 10-game road trip after Thursday’s matinee. They trail by three and a half games for a wild-card berth.
Every team below the Yankees — Oakland, Tampa Bay, the Angels and Minnesota — is hopelessly out of it. But a victory like Wednesday’s, when they trailed by five runs in the eighth, validates the Yankees’ belief in their progress.
“We haven’t been playing our best baseball this year,” said Brian McCann, who homered in the eighth and ninth. “But at the same time, we dug ourselves a hole early in April and we’re getting out of it right now. We’ve just got to continue to play good baseball.”
They can also cling to the math. The last two times the Yankees had a losing record at this point, in 1995 and in 2007, they rallied to reach the playoffs. Two summers ago, the Kansas City Royals were two games under .500 on July 21. Three months later, they hosted Game 1 of the World Series.
The Yankees constructed this team with a late-game bullpen that could mimic those Royals, protecting leads after six innings with an overpowering trio of relievers. Getting leads, of course, has been the problem. The Yankees’ aging and fragile lineup has rarely shown that it can handle good pitching.
Like the Mets, whose persistent story line is the health and workload of their young rotation, the Yankees tackle the same tiresome topic every day: How do they deal with this or that veteran who is injured, or slumping, or both?
Carlos Beltran was out of the lineup Wednesday with a sore right hamstring, which had forced him from Tuesday’s game and will probably sideline him Thursday, too. Rodriguez, who is hitting .213, got a rare start against a right-handed pitcher and went 0 for 5. Mark Teixeira, who is recovering from a cartilage tear in his right knee, had a scheduled day off.
“If I overdo it, I’m going to be on an operating table,” Teixeira said. “I’m going to need a day here and there. It’s a little sore. We’re just going to keep managing it.”
A dash of hope, it seems, could come from outfielder Aaron Judge, who is hitting .395 with seven homers in his last 10 games for Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. But the Yankees said Judge, 24, was not quite ready.
“The minor league people are trying to finish this kid off,” Manager Joe Girardi said Wednesday afternoon, “so when and if he gets here, he’s here to stay.”
The Yankees held tight to Judge and their other prospects last July, and the aggressive Blue Jays raced past them to win the A.L. East. The Rangers used their deep prospect pool to trade for an ace, Cole Hamels, and bullpen help. They also sprinted to a division crown, and were the first A.L. team to 50 victories this season.
“We have a tremendous front office that is always looking for talented players, and they’re not afraid to take some risk along the way,” Rangers Manager Jeff Banister said. “They’re not afraid to really push some of the younger, talented players. They’ve been bold.”
The Rangers, like the Yankees, have several players with nine-figure contracts. But they also have a wave of productive young position players — Nomar Mazara, Rougned Odor and Jurickson Profar, who are all younger than Judge — and made the bargain signing of the winter by getting Ian Desmond for one year and $8 million.
The lack of dynamic, inexpensive talent is by far the Yankees’ biggest problem, and the one that, in theory, could be helped by trading a reliever — Andrew Miller, Aroldis Chapman or both. Five division leaders — San Francisco, Washington, the Cubs, Texas and Cleveland — all have glaring bullpen needs.
But Miller is signed for two more years. Chapman could return as a free agent or bring back a high draft pick if he rejects a qualifying offer. The Yankees would need to exceed the value of that pick to trade Chapman — and to do it, they would also have to sink deep enough in the standings to make the rest of this season worth punting.
The Yankees are not there yet, but time is running out for the rally that would save their season. Wednesday was a start, but it might just be prolonging an illusion.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WASHINGTON — A self-described conservative North Carolina businessman has promised to spend at least $5 million through his political action committee to back five Republican congressional candidates who have supported taking action to curb climate change.
Even as his party’s presumptive presidential nominee denies the existence of global warming, the businessman, Jay Faison, and his ClearPath Action Fund will spend at least $2 million on digital media campaigns to defend Senate incumbents running in two of the tightest races in the country, Rob Portman in Ohio and Kelly Ayotte in New Hampshire, a recognition of the senators’ support for clean energy, Mr. Faison said Wednesday. The advertisements are expected to start running this week.
ClearPath is also spending several hundred thousand dollars on digital advertising campaigns to support Representatives Carlos Curbelo of Florida and Tom Reed and Elise Stefanik of New York, all Republicans running for re-election in similarly tight races.
“What we’re trying to do is prove to the party, through these races, that clean energy wins races, to build a political safe space for the Republican Party to talk about this,” Mr. Faison said in an interview. “It is difficult for a politician to consistently act in an area with no reward. We have their back.” He added, “We’re also making that case to the Trump campaign.”
The spending comes as Republican leaders have questioned or denied the established science of human-caused climate change and attacked President Obama’s climate change policies. Donald J. Trump, the presumptive nominee, has mocked climate science and vowed to cancel the Paris Agreement, the 2015 global accord committing nearly every country on earth to taking action to fight climate change.
Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, calls Mr. Obama’s climate policies a “war on coal.” But some Republican members of Congress who hope to carve out careers that could outlast Mr. Trump’s have begun to quietly consider how to address climate change, which they believe resonates with a growing segment of voters, particularly young people.
Political strategists are paying attention to polls that show Americans expressing record- or near-record-high belief that global warming is happening. A March Gallup poll found that 64 percent of American adults worry “a great deal” or “a fair amount” about global warming, the highest number since 2008, and it found that a record 65 percent of Americans attribute global warming to human activity.
However, most polls asking voters to rank the importance of issues find that environmental concerns trail far behind concerns about jobs and the economy.
Still, in many campaigns, Democrats are attacking Republicans as climate deniers.
Some moderate Republicans hope to use their views on climate change to draw a contrast with Mr. Trump.
“All of them need to demonstrate a level of independence from the national party in order to survive,” said Nathan Gonzales, editor of the nonpartisan Rothenberg & Gonzales Political Report, speaking of the five lawmakers backed by Mr. Faison’s group. “They’ll need to declare independence from Donald Trump.”
In 2015, Ms. Ayotte broke with her party to vote against a measure written by Mr. McConnell that would have blocked Mr. Obama’s climate change rules. She also voted for a program to establish grants to schools for climate change education, against a proposal to block the Obama administration from signing on to the Paris climate change accord, and in favor of a federal fund to respond to the threat of climate change.
Mr. Portman voted with his party on most of those measures, but also voted in favor of the fund to respond to climate threats. He has worked for years with Senator Jeanne Shaheen, Democrat of New Hampshire, on a bill to improve energy efficiency in buildings. He is a former board member of the Nature Conservancy and is a co-author of legislation to support cleanup of the Great Lakes.
The three House members backed by Mr. Faison’s group are among just 13 Republicans who have signed on to a resolution, offered by Representative Chris Gibson, Republican of New York. “The resolution was a vehicle to find out which Republicans were willing to step up and take some action,” said Steve Valk, a spokesman for Citizen’s Climate Lobby.
But while those five Republicans’ environmental records stand out from many in their party, they have voted more times against environmental regulations than in favor. The League of Conservation Voters, which tracks lawmakers’ environmental records on a scale of 1 to 100, have given lifetime scores to Ms. Ayotte of 35 percent, Mr. Portman of 20 percent, Mr. Curbelo of 23 percent, Mr. Reed of 6 percent and Ms. Stefanik of 9 percent. “To give House Republicans like Elise Stefanik, Tom Reed or Carlos Curbelo credit for acknowledging that climate change is real is a very low bar,” said Meredith Kelly, a spokeswoman for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
In Miami, Mr. Curbelo’s opponent, Annette Tadeo, a Democrat, has slammed his climate positions as hypocritical. “Big oil and gas lobbyists have been filling his campaign coffers with thousands of dollars in cash, in exchange for his advocacy for offshore drilling,” she said in a statement.
In Ohio, Mr. Portman is fighting to keep his seat against a former governor, Ted Strickland, who notes his support of Mr. Obama’s climate plan and slams Mr. Portman for voting against it.
In upstate New York, a local newspaper, The Post-Star, noted that Ms. Stefanik’s support for the climate change resolution was paired with votes against Mr. Obama’s climate change plan. “We were especially interested in how she could acknowledge climate change in one stand, yet vote to delay implementation of the Clean Power Plan (new standards for coal-burning power plants), especially while representing a region that was devastated by acid rain from those plants in the Midwest,” the paper’s editorial board wrote.
Some political observers have drawn comparisons between Mr. Faison and Tom Steyer, the billionaire environmentalist and Democratic donor whose political action committee, NextGen Climate Action, has spent heavily to push candidates who champion climate change issues. Mr. Steyer emerged as the single biggest political donor of the 2014 cycle, spending $74 million to influence voters, far more than the $5 million pledged by Mr. Faison’s group. Mr. Steyer, whose group has already laid out plans to spend at least $25 million in 2016, disavowed the comparison to Mr. Faison.
“From what we can tell by the people he is supporting, he is grading Republicans on the curve,” Mr. Steyer said in an interview. “We have fairly objective standards for grading people, and none of the them come close to meeting our standards.” Mr. Steyer said his group planned to support the Democratic Senate candidates in Ohio and New Hampshire.
And while the ads run by Mr. Faison’s group note the candidates’ support of clean energy, showing lush green fields and sparkling blue skies, they never explicitly mention the term climate change. Mr. Faison acknowledges that while he supports Republicans who have supported climate change policy, it is still too politically divisive to actually use the phrase.
“Climate change is a divisive term on the Hill and it’s a divisive term among the electorate,” said Mr. Faison. “But ‘clean energy’ tells a voter you care about the environment, and deflects attacks about climate change.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WASHINGTON — Does the European Union have a democracy deficit?
Leaders of the campaign for Britain to leave the European Union have proclaimed last week’s historic vote as a victory for democracy. The union, they often argue, is elitist and undemocratic. The only way for member states to regain full control is to quit outright.
The reality is more complicated. Scratch the surface, and it becomes clear that neither the European Union’s very real problems nor the criticisms of the bloc are really about anything as straightforward as elections or representation. This is a debate about democracy, but in a way that is both more meaningful and harder to define than how we usually think of it.
Technically, the European Union has quite a lot of democracy going on.
The European Parliament, often referred to as the “lower house” of the union’s legislature, is directly elected, via free and fair elections in the 28 member countries, every five years. Every European Union citizen of voting age is entitled to cast a ballot to select a representative. The legislature’s 751 seats are apportioned by the bloc’s treaties.
The Council of the European Union, or “upper house,” consists of representatives sent by the governments of member states. They are not directly elected, but the governments that send them are. Likewise, the members of the European Council, which sets the European Union’s policy agenda, are the elected leaders of member states.
These bodies, in turn, appoint and confirm a number of civil servants, as well as members of groups such as the European Commission. While these officials are both powerful and unelected, the process is not different from many democracies. The United States, for example, does not directly elect its secretary of state or, for that matter, any State Department functionary.
So while defenders of the European Union have evidence to show that the bloc is democratic, this misses the point. Democracy, after all, is about more than elections. It’s also about accountability: whether the government is responsive to the citizenry.
Yes, the European Union has elections (and, yes, like the United States, participation has been less than 50 percent for many cycles). But, in a functioning democracy, popular will is also expressed through mechanisms other than marking ballots.
The European Union, perhaps in part because it was designed by technocrats rather than developing organically, does not account for or often even allow those mechanisms. And this is why, for many Europeans, the body does not feel democratic.
Some of this is by design. Although its legislature is elected, the union is in many ways a technocracy first. It was designed to be an institution that allows experts to make the best decisions possible, simultaneously rising above and defusing nationalist politics.
The ultimate goal of the project has always been a peaceful, united Europe. Protection from politics was supposed to help achieve that. Nationalist rage, after all, once allowed the rise of fascists and Nazis. The European Union was designed to prevent that from happening again.
But politics has its benefits. It’s an avenue by which people can express their will and institutions can respond; this, in some ways, is what real democracy is all about.
Day-to-day politicking is often treated as an unseemly distraction from the “real” work of legislating. But while politics isn’t always a pretty process, it is an essential one.
In democracies, when there is a contested issue, elected officials and interest groups from all sides argue it out in public view, in the media, on the floor of the legislature or both.
Even if your side loses, you have seen the process play out, and maybe even participated in it by signing a petition or attending a protest. You feel included because your representative argued for your interests. If your lawmaker didn’t do that, you can vote him or her out, but you don’t need to throw out the whole system.
The European Union doesn’t work like that, so it doesn’t feel as democratic. Its decisions seem remote, its leaders unreachable. So when people are unhappy with Europe’s decisions, it is easy for them to believe that it’s because Europe — some vague, amorphous body — did not listen to them, and perhaps does not even care about them.
That sentiment has led to “Euromyths,” a genre of urban legends about European regulations that gained traction during the British referendum campaign. One claimed that London’s beloved double-decker buses were to be banned, another that “fish and chips” would have to be written in Latin on menus, another that bananas would be required to be straight.
The subtext of those stories was that the European Union was not only threatening British culture, but doing so carelessly — that the Brussels bureaucrats imposing those regulations didn’t care or maybe even understand that their decisions would take away something culturally important, and that there was no way for ordinary citizens to reach or influence them.
Those feelings apply to more important decisions too: migration and financial bailouts for troubled member states, to name a couple. People in Britain and other countries, feeling that the European Union is blithely ignoring their political will, have responded by expressing that will more forcefully than ever.
The union was designed to overcome national politics, but has actually fostered more of it — much as the historian Tony Judt predicted in a 1996 essay that now seems chillingly prescient.
“We may wake up one day to find that far from solving the problems of our continent,” Mr. Judt wrote back then, “the myth of ‘Europe’ has become an impediment to recognizing them.”
The thing that makes this problem so severe is not that the European Union is too strong, but that it is too weak.
Consider the unfolding migrant crisis.
Because the union lacks institutions muscular enough to either design or implement a Europe-wide policy, its officials have resorted to begging and cajoling member states to voluntarily resettle more refugees — and those states have largely refused. The resulting compromises haven’t made anyone happy, and have left certain states, particularly Greece and Italy, bearing the brunt on their own.
Such compromises compound the sense that the bloc does not represent actual Europeans. Negotiations that attempt to balance the interests of more than two dozen distinct societies often yield unsatisfying solutions.
This feels undemocratic because someone in, say, France, sees that European Union policy differs from the French national will.
That feels like French democracy is being overridden by a remote, unresponsive entity, and there is nothing the French can do about it.
So member states end up inevitably thwarting one another’s democratic desires: The people of Greece want something different than do the people of Germany. But Greece is affected by Germany’s policies, and vice versa.
As long as the European Union is strong enough to put them in conflict but too weak to create a solution, it will feel, in some sense, undemocratic.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Headed out east for the long weekend? Fendi is kicking off #FendiRoadTrip, a traveling retail concept in which a customized Apé — a version of the distinctive three-wheeled Italian truck created in the late 1940s — loaded with accessories like Dotcom bags ($2,400) and ABC fur charms ($600) will roll into the Surf Lodge on Thursday through Monday as its first stop on a tour of the United States and Canada. At 183 Edgemere Street, Montauk.
The Los Angeles-based designers Jenni Kayne and Marysia have teamed up on a swimwear capsule available at Ms. Kayne’s Hamptons pop-up that includes chic black styles with just the right amount of coverage, like a crisscross back maillot ($339). At 2 Main Street, Southampton.
Sticking in the city? A festive lightweight jersey nautical stripe tee ($83, originally $115) is among the select styles Saint James is offering for 30 percent off. At 319 Bleecker Street.
On Saturday, Ralph Lauren will open a fragrance salon at the brand’s uptown flagship to coincide with the debut of Ralph Lauren Collection Fragrances, a range of 10 eaux de parfums, including A Portrait of New York, A Legacy of English Elegance, and Treasures of Safari (each $240 for 100 ml), informed by the spirit of travel and the destinations that have most influenced Mr. Lauren. At 888 Madison Avenue.
On Tuesday, the Italian fine jewelry brand Vhernier will open a Madison Avenue flagship — featuring a grand 18-foot entrance, theatrical coral curtains and leather upholstered walls — following in quick succession its first New York outpost, an intimate downtown boutique adjacent to Cipriani that opened this week. Both carry stunning pieces like a woven 18-karat rose gold bracelet ($13,400) and earrings ($9,800). At 783 Madison Avenue and 55 Wall Street.
On Thursday, the CFDA Fashion Incubator will host a sample sale featuring discounts of up to 75 percent on past season styles like a Ji Oh silk jacket ($250, originally $990) and Alix ribbed Micro Modal jersey ($60, originally $126) from the current designer class. At 209 West 38th Street, third floor.
The Met Store is hosting a summer clearance event featuring discounts of up to 70 percent on accessories including a Javanese circles cuff ($150, originally $300), an abstract paint scarf ($59.50, originally $85) and more. At 1000 Fifth Avenue.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tejay van Garderen was in third place over all in the Tour de France a year ago, with just a handful of stages between him and a podium place in Paris, when he pulled to the side of the road and climbed into his team car.
A respiratory infection he had been fighting for days had forced him out of the race.
It was a bitter disappointment not only for van Garderen, who has twice finished fifth in the Tour, cycling’s marquee race, but also for American fans waiting for someone to step into the void left by Lance Armstrong.
Perhaps this is the year that will finally happen.
Van Garderen will join four other Americans on the start line Saturday in Mont-St.-Michel, all of them with the ability to stir things up. In fact, van Garderen and the Australian Richie Porte were picked as leaders of the BMC Racing Team, which means that van Garderen, a 27-year-old from Tacoma, Wash., will have plenty of support.
“I’ve already raced the Tour de France a couple of times with most of these guys, so I couldn’t be happier to line up with them once again,” van Garderen said. “I’m in great shape. I’m really motivated.”
Van Garderen withdrew his name from consideration for the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, citing concerns about the Zika virus, with his wife due to give birth in October. That means the Tour is his sole priority.
He will be joined at the Tour by his BMC teammate Brent Bookwalter, who will be part of the two-man United States squad in Rio. Cannondale Pro Cycling also has two Americans, Lawson Craddock and Alex Howes, while their teammate Andrew Talansky is skipping the race because of family concerns and a chronic sinus infection.
Peter Stetina, with Trek-Segafredo, rounds out the American contingent. Stetina, who sustained career-threatening injuries in a crash in the Tour of the Basque Country last year, may have the best feel-good story in the peloton.
There are two more Americans than there were a year ago, when the fewest in nearly two decades made it to the start. But the total down from 10 just five years ago.
For various reasons, several of America’s brightest stars are joining Talansky on the sideline.
Taylor Phinney is not part of BMC’s roster, setting his sights instead on the Olympics, where he has a chance to win a medal in the time trial. Tyler Farrar, a stage winner in 2011, was passed over by his Dimension Data team, and Ben King was skipped over by Cannondale despite a strong performance in the Tour of California.
Still, those on the start list for the Tour have enough ability to make good on their aspirations.
Van Garderen is a legitimate podium threat, especially after his recent stage win in the Tour of Switzerland. Bookwalter has a chance to win from a breakaway. Stetina will focus on helping his Dutch teammate Bauke Mollema in the hills but proved at the Tour of California that he could pull a surprise on any uphill stage.
Craddock, a bright-eyed Texan, and Howes, who, like Stetina, grew up in the cycling hotbed near Boulder, Colo., are intriguing youngsters who believe they have something to prove.
“With it being my first Tour, it’s hard to place certain expectations on myself,” Craddock said. “Just lining up on the start line of the Tour is a dream come true, so if I were able to wear a jersey there, then I think my mind would just explode. That being said, I’m a born and bred bike racer, and I line up to every race I do with dreams of winning. I’m not just going to the Tour to be pack fodder.”
Jonathan Vaughters, who founded the United States-based Cannondale team, said that the French veteran Pierre Rolland would be the pivot point of his squad. But he did not dismiss Craddock, 24, or Howes, 28, especially given their charmingly cavalier attitudes.
“The anticipation of this race is huge,” Craddock said. “I imagine the few days leading up to the start, I’ll have a few more nerves than normal, but at the end of the day, it’s just another bike race. The neutral flag goes down on the first stage, I’m sure those nerves will be replaced with pure adrenaline.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CLAIREFONTAINE, France — Like a theater audience demanding to be entertained, French soccer fans can be a fickle lot.
The team will be hoping that the mercurial tradition does not re-emerge on Sunday when it takes on Iceland in the quarterfinals of the European Championships. Iceland, after all, is extremely popular among neutral fans after its 2-1 victory over England in the round of 16.
Les Bleus, as the French team is known, have often endured a fractious relationship with their fans. Relations are better, but still precarious.
Last weekend in Lyon, the players were jeered off at halftime while trailing Ireland by 1-0. In the group game against Albania in Marseille, the vocal frustration was evident until Antoine Griezmann’s 90th-minute goal.
Any frayed nerves among the French contingent on Sunday at the Stade de France just north of Paris will surely contrast with those of Iceland’s devoted fans, who will be shouting their traditional Viking chant and cranking up the pressure on France’s players.
Ideally for France, a quick goal or two would help settle their nerves.
France’s failure to score during the first half in games at the tournament may not be just a coincidence. Players start games nervously, as if trying to avoid mistakes. Chances are snatched at, the body language is tense and cagey, the fans rarely indulgent.
“I think we should be a bit more supportive,” Ahmed Kchikech, a French fan, said after the team held a public training session on Wednesday. “We’re fed up with things only happening in the second half.” He added: “French fans are like this. We don’t forgive the slightest mistake.”
Kchikech said he envied the way Ireland and Iceland supported their teams at the Euros, with prolonged chants and heartwarming songs.
“It’s magnificent, but that’s not the French way,” he said.
Over the years, games have often mapped out the same way at the national stadium. A flag-waving rendition of “La Marseillaise” is followed by some hearty early encouragement and then a tense, watchful silence. If France fails to impress, jeers and boos ring out from the stands.
The French players have often spoken about being upset during games when the fans turn. Speaking after a 2-0 defeat to Argentina in 2009, left back Patrice Evra berated French fans for sarcastically supporting Argentina.
“All the matches we play in France feel like they’re away from home,” Evra said.
There’s little doubt that the French team has not always helped itself — notably at the World Cup in South Africa in 2010, when the players went on strike.
Things have improved, especially in November 2013, when France overturned a 2-0 first-leg deficit against Ukraine to win, 3-0, at the Stade de France and qualify for the World Cup.
Since Didier Deschamps took charge as coach after the Euros in 2012, he has opened up more training sessions to the public.
On Wednesday, about 500 fans attended a training session at France’s base at leafy Clairefontaine on the outskirts of Paris. Deschamps and the players happily signed autographs and chatted with fans before training.
On Sunday, they are likely to be hoping that they remain supportive.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The most serious charges against the violinist Stefan Arzberger, who had been accused of trying to strangle a fellow guest in a Midtown hotel, were dismissed Wednesday in New York State Supreme Court in Manhattan.
Mr. Arzberger, who had faced a charge of attempted murder, instead pleaded guilty to a less serious charge of reckless assault in the third degree, and was given an unconditional discharge. He faces no jail time or fine.
The decision leaves Mr. Arzberger, a violinist for the Leipzig String Quartet whose passport was confiscated, free to return home to Germany after a 15-month ordeal.
Mr. Arzberger, 43, had been accused of barging naked into the room of a 64-year-old woman at the Hudson Hotel, where he was staying while on tour in March 2015, and trying to strangle her.
But his lawyers said he had been drugged by a prostitute who Mr. Arzberger had brought to his room earlier the same night and who they later learned was a man.
Assistant District Attorney Joshua Steinglass told the court that his office had agreed to drop the most serious charges for a number of reasons including a lack of discernible motive for the alleged attack, and the wishes of the victim, who prosecutors said had not objected to the decision.
Mr. Arzberger, who lives in Germany, was forced to stay in the United States while the charges were pending. His lawyer, Nicholas Kaizer, could not say what his immediate plans were. Mr. Arzberger still faces a civil suit brought by the woman, Pamela Robinson, of Asheville, N.C.
In a statement, Mr. Arzberger’s publicist said that the musician “is very pleased with the outcome of this case and looks forward to moving forward with his life.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MEXICO CITY — Judges here have temporarily halted the extradition of Joaquín Guzmán Loera, the Mexican drug kingpin known as El Chapo, pending the outcome of appeals filed this week by Mr. Guzmán’s lawyers.
The appeals argue that the statute of limitations has run out on some of the crimes that Mr. Guzmán is accused of committing, his lead lawyer, José Refugio Rodríguez, told The Associated Press. They also argue that some of the accusations are based on hearsay rather than direct evidence, the lawyer said.
Two district appellate judges ruled that the appeals, which were filed in two courts on Monday and seek to block extradition requests by prosecutors in California and Texas, could go forward. Stays in Mexican extradition cases are nearly automatic, a courts official said, and the appeals process could take months, if not years, to run its course. The judges’ decisions were published Tuesday.
Mr. Guzmán faces various criminal charges in several American jurisdictions, including murder, drug trafficking, money laundering and arms possession. He is currently imprisoned in the Mexican border city of Ciudad Juárez, but American officials would like to see him in custody in the United States as soon as possible, to ensure that he can be prosecuted and, they say, to significantly lower the chances of his escape, a skill he has ably demonstrated.
After a 2001 escape from Mexican custody, he remained on the run until his capture in 2014. He fled again a year later, bolting through a mile-long tunnel that led from his prison cell to a warehouse. After his recapture in January, the Mexican government finally decided to accede to a longstanding American request for extradition.
Mexico’s Ministry of Foreign Relations approved the extradition in May after receiving guarantees from the United States that Mr. Guzmán would not face the death penalty. Mexico, which has abolished capital punishment, refuses to extradite its citizens if they would face possible execution in the receiving country.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Residents of Kansas, Georgia and Alabama will have to prove they are citizens when registering to vote for federal elections using a national form, a judge ruled Wednesday. Judge Richard Leon of Federal District Court sided against voting rights groups that sued a federal elections official who changed the proof-of-citizenship requirements on the federal registration form at the request of the three states and without public notice. Residents of other states need only to swear that they are citizens. The judge refused to issue a temporary injunction sought by voting rights advocates to overturn the move by Brian Newby, executive director of the United States Election Assistance Commission, until the case can be decided at trial. The groups said Mr. Newby’s February action contradicts the commission’s mission to provide an easy form to encourage voter registration. They argue the proof-of-citizenship requirements hurt their ability to conduct registration drives and deprive eligible voters of the right to vote. (AP)
Kaya Henderson announced Wednesday that she is stepping down Oct. 1 after more than five years as chancellor of the District of Columbia’s public schools, ending a tenure that included improvements in standardized test scores but a stubborn achievement gap between black and white students. Ms. Henderson, 45, succeeded the polarizing Michelle Rhee, and she continued her predecessor’s aggressive education-reform policies. But she had a more low-key style and better relationships with parents, teachers and elected officials. Ms. Henderson has fired hundreds of teachers under a system that evaluates them in part based on their students’ test scores. City students have improved their performances on federal standardized tests, but the achievement gap between white students and non-Asian minorities has remained persistently high. Ms. Henderson said she was “ready to take on new challenges.’’ (AP)
Two people were found dead Wednesday in a fire-stricken area near San Diego, the authorities said. The unidentified man and woman were found near a boulder in Potrero, about 45 miles east of San Diego, Jan Caldwell, a spokeswoman for the San Diego County Sheriff’s Department, said. The property had been under evacuation orders after a fire began on June 19 and has since spread to nearly 12 square miles. The medical examiner will determine the cause of death. (AP)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

UNITED NATIONS — Saudi Arabia should be ousted from the United Nations Human Rights Council for its unlawful killings of civilians in Yemen, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International said jointly on Wednesday, an unusual demand meant to draw attention to one of the world’s most powerful countries, embroiled in one of the world’s most brutal wars.
The chances of that happening are slim to none. The suspension of any country from an elected body of the United Nations is extraordinary, and it would be all the more so for a country with powerful friends like the United States. The proposal would need a two-thirds majority vote in the 193-member General Assembly.
Libya was the last country suspended from the Council, which is responsible for promoting and protecting human rights. The General Assembly approved its ouster in 2011, after protesters were met with violent reprisals by the government of Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi.
Saudi Arabia is another matter. It was elected to the 47-member Human Rights Council in 2013. Since then, it has beat back efforts at the Council to create an independent commission of inquiry to look into human rights abuses in Yemen.
Earlier this month, Saudi Arabia persuaded the United Nations secretary general, Ban Ki-moon, to remove the military coalition it leads in Yemen from a list of armies that kill and maim children. Mr. Ban had included the coalition for its attacks on schools and hospitals in Yemen, but agreed to remove it from the list temporarily. Mr. Ban told reporters that he had been coerced — a charge the Saudis flatly denied.
There was no immediate comment from the Saudi mission in response to the call by the human rights groups. Its three-year term on the Council concludes at the end of 2016. It remains to be seen whether it will seek a second term, and how other countries will react.
The coalition began intervening in the Yemeni civil war last year after Shiite rebels known as Houthis drove President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi into exile. The Houthis are said to be supported by Iran, Saudi Arabia’s bitter rival in the Persian Gulf.
At a news conference at United Nations headquarters, researchers with Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International said the Saudi-led coalition had broken international law with at least 69 airstrikes targeting civilians, some of which could amount to war crimes, and accused it of using banned cluster munitions.
The two groups called for “credible investigations that meet international standards” or an agreement by Saudi Arabia to cooperate with an independent international inquiry.
The groups also say that the United States, which provides refueling and targeting assistance to the Saudi-led coalition, could be liable for war crimes in Yemen. They also cited Saudi Arabia’s treatment of its own citizens, including sentencing people to death for crimes that are not punishable by death under international law.
Saudi Arabia is not the only country on the Human Rights Council with a questionable human rights record. Venezuela also has a seat on the body.
But Philippe Bolopion, the deputy advocacy director of Human Rights Watch, said, “Saudi Arabia is really in a league of its own because of the crimes it has committed.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Name Noa Santos
Age 27
Hometown Haleiwa, Hawaii
Now Lives In a two-bedroom loft near Gramercy Park with his fiancé, Ross Matsubara.
Claim to Fame Mr. Santos is a founder of Homepolish, a two-year-old start-up that offers personalized interior design services by the hour through its network of 500 designers. The idea is to make interior design more accessible and affordable (a three-hour single-day session is $349). Homepolish recently raised $20 million in funding led by Andy Hunt, a founder of Warby Parker. Clients have included the Goop offices and web-savvy tastemakers including Leandra Medine, Patrick Janelle and Danielle Snyder. “They have enough money, but they don’t have enough time,” Mr. Santos said of his clients. “They want to be engaged in design, but they don’t want to execute it themselves.”
Big Break After quitting an interior design firm in 2011, Mr. Santos, who studied business and architecture at Stanford, started a one-man firm called 50 for Fifty, which offered 50-minute design consultations for $50. The New York magazine design editor Wendy Goodman heard about it and featured his two-bedroom apartment in Murray Hill as a Space of the Week in 2012. His future business partner, Will Nathan, saw the article and hired Mr. Santos to redo his one-bedroom apartment in Chelsea. They started Homepolish soon after.
Latest Project Mr. Santos recently designed the SoHo loft for the Sweetgreen founders Nathaniel Ru and Jon Neman. The two-bedroom bachelor pad has lots of plants, daybeds, midcentury modern furniture and open spaces for parties. He is also working on his own two-bedroom apartment near Gramercy Park, which he moved to last October.
Next Thing The firm is moving to a 12,000-square-foot office in the Flatiron district in September, and recently started a Shopping List feature that allows them to take advantage of trade discounts at West Elm, Restoration Hardware and other retailers.
Home Makeovers Mr. Santos wants his clients to look at their homes as they do their wardrobes, as “a constant reflection of where you are in life,” he said. “It’s always evolving, as your personal style and tastes evolve, and is never completely finished. It should reflect who you are and how you want to live at all points in your life.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BANGOR, Me. — Pressing his staunch opposition to trade deals, Donald J. Trump escalated his attacks on the U.S. Chamber of Commerce on Wednesday, saying it was “totally controlled by the special interest groups.”
“They’re a special interest that wants to have the deals that they want to have,” he told a packed arena at a rally here, to whoops and cheers. “They want to have T.P.P., the Trans-Pacific Partnership, one of the worst deals, and it’ll be the worst deal since Nafta.”
The remarks criticizing the Chamber were yet another manifestation of the divide between the Republican economic orthodoxy that embraces all trade, and the nationalistic anti-trade policies Mr. Trump laid out in a major speech Tuesday in a Pittsburgh suburb.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is often a strong ally of Republican candidates, spending more than $35 million in the 2014 midterms in support of them. But it has also been sharply critical of Mr. Trump’s views on trade, and has frequently posted articles critical of him on its blog, including one Tuesday night on its website titled, “The 2013 Trump Was a Lot Better on Trade Than the 2016 Version.”
Mr. Trump first responded to the group on Twitter Wednesday morning, but he escalated the attacks at his rally here, saying the Chamber was “controlled totally by various groups of people that don’t care about you whatsoever.”
A spokeswoman for the Chamber, Blair Latoff Holmes, defended its position on trade.
“The U.S. Chamber represents American businesses of all sizes from across the country, who recognize that free trade agreements, like the T.P.P., are an important way to accelerate economic growth and spur job creation in the U.S.,” she said.
“This is not personal,” Ms. Holmes added. “It’s not election politics. It’s smart policy.”
Mr. Trump’s remarks on the Chamber were the latest in a string of comments that have further divided those in the Republican ranks as he seeks to rally the party behind his campaign after a particularly contentious nominating fight.
That bruising battle was still on Mr. Trump’s mind Wednesday. He spent several minutes riffing on the “pledge” that Republican candidates all signed early in the primary contest to ultimately rally behind the party’s nominee, whoever was chosen.
“They broke their word, in my opinion,” he said. “They should never be allowed to run for public office again, because what they did is disgraceful.”
But while he spent the majority of his speech highlighting his trade policies and themes from his economic speech on Tuesday, he largely shied away from talking about the terrorist attacks in Istanbul later that day, although he noted how they seemed to overtake the news of his speech.
“I gave a speech in Pittsburgh, in Pennsylvania yesterday, and it was very well received,” Mr. Trump said. “Then you had the tragedy in Turkey, and that was the end of that speech, which was fine.
“That’s the way it’s supposed to be because that tragedy is a disgrace, that we can allow that to continue to go on whether it’s Turkey or anywhere else. That’s a disgrace.”
But while he pledged to fight the Islamic State and terrorism, he also professed a dovish foreign policy in an attempt to contrast himself with Hillary Clinton.
“They say, ‘Oh, can we trust Donald with a button?’ ” Mr. Trump said, adding, “I would be the slowest with the button, but I would be the one that doesn’t have to use it because they’re going to respect us again.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The scoring-starved Devils acquired a former No. 1 overall draft pick, two All-Star defensemen switched places, and one of the N.H.L.’s most prolific scorers indicated he had decided to stay put on a busy Wednesday, two days before the start of the free-agent signing period.
The Devils acquired Taylor Hall, the top pick in the 2010 draft, from the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman Adam Larsson. Montreal sent defenseman P. K. Subban to Nashville for Shea Weber, and Steven Stamkos signed an eight-year contract extension with Tampa Bay.
Hall, who had 132 goals and 196 assists in 381 career games with the Oilers, will provide much-needed scoring punch for the Devils. Last season, he had 26 goals and 39 assists and represented the Oilers in the All-Star Game.
Larsson had three goals and 15 assists while playing in all 82 games last season as part of the Devils’ top defensive pairing.
The biggest trade of the day, however, involved the Canadiens and the Predators.
Subban, who won the Norris Trophy as the N.H.L.’s top defenseman in 2013, had six goals and 45 assists last season before sustaining a neck injury in March.
Montreal General Manager Marc Bergevin said trading Subban was “one of the most difficult decisions” he had had to make.
“We completed today an important transaction, which I am convinced will make the Canadiens a better team,” Bergevin said.
A clause in Subban’s contract that would have allowed him to block any trade was set to kick in on Friday.
Nashville General Manager David Poile praised Subban’s “tremendous skill and contagious energy” and said he would make the Predators a better team now and into the future.
“Superstar defensemen of his caliber are a rare commodity, and we are thrilled to add him to the organization,” Poile said.
Weber, a three-time Norris Trophy finalist, was a team captain and had 20 goals and 31 assists last season for Nashville. He had signed a 14-year, $110 million offer sheet with Philadelphia as a restricted free agent in 2012, but Nashville matched it and kept him.
Bergevin said Weber would improve Montreal’s power play and play a leadership role for the Canadiens.
“He is a complete rear guard with impressive size and a powerful shot,” Bergevin said.
Stamkos, a two-time N.H.L. scoring champion for the Lightning who would have been able to test free agency starting on Friday, wrote on Twitter that he was “excited to be back for 8 more years.”
The deal, worth $68 million, was reached two days before Stamkos would have been able to gauge his worth on the open market. Stamkos, a four-time All-Star with 312 goals, was expected to command far more lucrative offers from numerous bidders, including his hometown Toronto Maple Leafs, the Buffalo Sabres and the Detroit Red Wings.
“It’s not often that a player gets the chance to spend his career in one organization, and I am hopeful that this agreement sets me on that path,” Stamkos said.
The agreement was something of a surprise after Stamkos and the Lightning had been unable to negotiate a contract extension during the season.
His status even loomed over the N.H.L. draft last weekend in Buffalo, where several team executives expressed their interest in making a bid to sign Stamkos. Sabres General Manager Tim Murray was among them and referred to Stamkos as “the big fish.”
But Lightning General Manager Steve Yzerman remained hopeful that a deal could be reached, saying as recently as Saturday that he had not closed the door on re-signing Stamkos.
The Lightning had a slight edge over other teams, however. Under N.H.L. rules, they were allowed to sign Stamkos to an eight-year contract while other teams were limited to making seven-year offers.
Stamkos has topped 40 goals four times. He has won the N.H.L.’s regular-season scoring title twice, including the 2011-12 season, in which he had a career-high 60 goals.
Stamkos is coming off a year in which he had 36 goals and 64 points in 77 games before having surgery on April 4 to treat a blood clot near his right collarbone. Stamkos did not return until he saw limited ice time in Tampa Bay’s 2-1 loss to Pittsburgh in Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals.
In other moves, the Sabres signed defenseman Casey Nelson to a two-year contract extension; St. Louis signed forward Kyle Brodziak to a two-year extension; Minnesota re-signed left wing Jason Zucker to a two-year, $4 million contract; and Columbus signed defenseman Seth Jones to a six-year, $32.4 million contract.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For decades, the southwest corner of 57th Street and Fifth Avenue was Bill Cunningham’s main perch.
Over the years, he had gone everywhere in the city one of his 30 bicycles would take him. Up to the Botanical Garden, down to the Christopher Street piers and over to Tompkins Square Park.
But Fifth Avenue remained for him the greatest place in the world, an intersection where East met West, uptown met downtown, publishing types in pencil skirts met Chanel-clad socialites, and black met white.
Mr. Cunningham loved himself a parade, the bulk of which seemed to take place there. That’s where Puerto Ricans headed the second week in June, decked out in red, white, blue and everything in between. A few weeks later, he’d head back for the gay pride parade.
He never seemed to miss St. Patrick’s Day, when he could be spotted amid the sea of white and green wearing his trademark uniform — a blue French worker’s jacket, his khaki-colored pants and black sneakers.
So when Mr. Cunningham died Saturday after becoming an actual living landmark, it made sense that this was where mourners headed, right by the windows at Bergdorf Goodman, where the store installed a special display in his honor, showcasing a bicycle, a black Nikon camera and a background painted what the store’s longtime style maven, Linda Fargo, described as “Bill Cunningham blue.” On the curb, some put up white flowers. Others left notes.
During his later years, people told him how much they admired him, and how they read his columns religiously and devoured the documentary about him. “I think it embarrassed him,” his friend Cecilia Dean said. “He was unbelievably gracious, but you could tell how uncomfortable he was with it.”
Now he is gone, and they are still paying tribute.
There’s a petition at Change.org to designate the location “Bill Cunningham Corner.” It’s already received more than 3,200 signatures. According to WWD, the designer Jeffrey Banks has started another campaign to get a sculpture of Mr. Cunningham placed on the corner.
On Thursday, a private funeral will be held, with a memorial expected in the coming weeks. This Sunday, The New York Times Styles section will pay tribute to a man who never would have asked for it, but whom so many want to honor nevertheless.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SYDNEY — Political donations by mining companies preceded legislative approval for several Australian mining operations, including plans to develop the country’s biggest coal mine, according to a report by an independent Australian policy institute released on Thursday.
The report, by the Australia Institute, examined six cases where mining companies made donations to Australia’s major political parties and received favorable legislation for mining projects in the state of Queensland.
The report contends that the donations from the mining industry bought access to Queensland state officials, giving the industry an “undue influence on our democratic processes” and resulting in decisions that “have poor outcomes for our environment, economy and our communities.”
“Taking money from mining companies undermines the integrity of political decision-making,” Mark Ogge, the report’s co-author said in an interview. “It should be illegal. It is a conflict of interest.”
The report, written with the Australian Conservation Foundation, was released two days before Australia’s national elections, which are Saturday. While the timing appears intended to highlight the influence of the mining industry in politics — Australia’s campaign finance laws do not require disclosure of donations to major parties until months after the fact — the report does not refer to any contributions in the current election.
The report’s primary focus is on the Liberal National Party, led by Campbell Newman, which governed Queensland from 2012 to 2015, and his successor, Annastacia Palaszczuk, of the Labor Party, who took office there in 2015.
Queensland is home to several large and contentious mining projects, including in the Galilee Basin in central Queensland. Two new mines there could add an additional 120 million tons a year to Australia’s thermal coal exports.
One of the mines would be Australia’s largest and, environmentalists say, will damage the Great Barrier Reef.
The project’s developer, the Adani Group, a conglomerate based in India, donated $52,139 to the Queensland Liberal National Party and to the federal Liberal Party of Australia, from 2012 to 2015, the report said.
The report said Adani officials met with Anthony Lynham, the state’s minister for natural resources and mines, at least seven times and had 12 other meetings with state ministers in 2013 and 2014.
In late 2014, the government of Queensland agreed to invest up to $220 million in rail and port projects to support the new mine. It also changed the legislation to remove the right of the community to object to mining projects, the report said.
The Adani project was approved by Ms. Palaszczuk’s government, and included a plan approved by the federal environment minister, Greg Hunt, a Liberal Party member, to allow bigger coal ships to dock at the port of Abbot Point within the Great Barrier Reef on Queensland’s northeast coast. The plan called for the dredging of the port to accommodate larger ships, with the spoils dumped near the reef.
After an outcry from scientists and legal action by conservationists, the dredging decision was reversed. The dredge spoils will now be dumped on land.
But the report said Adani’s donations had “influenced the approval process, encouraging successive governments to ignore concerns regarding their suitability to operate.”
Ms. Palaszczuk defended her government’s actions, saying it had lowered the reporting requirement for political donations to $738 from $9,458, making government more transparent. And in a written statement, a spokesman for the Queensland government said it had restored laws to allow communities to weigh in on proposed mining projects.
The spokesman said the approval process for mining projects was extensive and transparent. It includes public consultation, environmental impact studies and strict conditions to protect the environment. Mine lease applications must also meet public interest requirements.
The mines minister for Queensland, Anthony Lynham, was on vacation and was not available for comment. Adnani officials did not respond to a request for comment.
The Adani case was just one example cited in the report.
Two oil companies, Beach Energy and Linc Energy, and the mining companies Karreman Quarries and New Hope Coal also made donations, according to the report, which says the companies received favorable treatment in return. Another company, Sibelco, spent money campaigning to support its sand mining operations ahead of the state election.
A spokeswoman for Sibelco, Helen Stanley, said the company had made no direct donations to political parties but had funded an electorate campaign in support of its sand mining operations on North Stradbroke Island. She said the campaign was run in 2013. In 2015, the Palaszczuk government said it would end sand mining on the island by 2019.
Beach Energy, Karreman Quarries and New Hope Coal did not respond to questions. Linc Energy is in receivership, a company spokeswoman said, adding she could not answer questions about the company’s political donations policy.
Over all, the report said, the Queensland Liberal National Party received more than $700,000 in donations from mining companies from 2011 to 2015. The mining industry also donated nearly $2.2 million to the federal Liberal Party of Australia, which now leads the national government, in the five years since July 2011. The Queensland Liberal National Party and the Liberal Party of Australia are not one and the same.
The Queensland Labor Party received $68,000 and the federal Labor party received $890,000 from donors connected to the mining industry over the same period.
A spokesman for the Liberal Party said in a written reply on Wednesday that he would not comment on a report he had not read, but pointed out that the Australia Institute, a research center, employed former Greens Party supporters in important roles.
Large mining projects often require state and federal government approval, especially if threatened species and their habitats are placed under duress by the proposed operation.
“The report demonstrates that money doesn’t just buy access, it buys outcomes,” said Lindy Edwards, a political scientist from the University of New South Wales. She said state laws around political donations should be overhauled, “at the federal level, the secrecy is so bad it is almost impossible to uncover corruption.”
Donations to any political party higher than $9,774 must be declared on the Australian Electoral Commission’s public register. But those declarations are made months after the money changes hands. Funds donated to the federal Liberal coalition, Labor party or Greens party leading up to national elections on Saturday will not be made public until February 2017.
Also, it can be difficult to track how much money and when a donor made a contribution.
The report cited the meetings that mining company executives had with senior politicians based on minutes from ministers’ diaries, which are publicly available.
“A farmer whose ground water is about to be drawn down or whose land is about to be polluted rarely has the money to secure that sort of access,” Mr. Ogge said.
Ms. Edwards said many factors determined whether a mine gained approval. “Royalties from the mine to the state government, jobs, the state’s economic welfare are all factors,” she said. “But there is an issue around ensuring that everyone’s voice is heard. Mining companies should not get better access to government decision makers than people in the community, who are concerned about the environment.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tarantulas know how to fight. Many of these arachnids defend themselves by launching javelin-like hairs from their abdomens at potential attackers. But a newly discovered member of this family prefers to settle its confrontations up close.
This is Kankuamo marquezi, and it jabs its butt bristles, or urticating hairs, straight into its foes.
“Urticating hairs are used as defense against natural enemies,” Carlos Perafán, a biologist from the University of the Republic in Uruguay, said in an email. “These hairs are different from hairs covering the body of tarantulas because they have a penetrating tip, which allows the hair to embed in the skin or mucous membranes and cause irritation.”
Scientists had previously identified six types of urticating hairs on tarantulas. Kankuamo marquezi adds a seventh. Its hairs are the second example of a defensive hair that is released on contact, while most are projected when a tarantula flicks its legs against its rear, sending a flurry of barbs into the air.
Kankuamo marquezi’s derrière defenses are different enough that they not only classify the spider as a new species of tarantula, but also a new genus as well, which is the next classification up in taxonomy. Mr. Perafán said the discovery raises questions about the evolutionary pressures that caused the spiders to develop their rear-end spikes.
He and his colleagues found the new arachnid while exploring the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta mountain range in Colombia. They described it in a paper published Wednesday in the journal ZooKeys.
They named the species after Gabriel García Márquez, the Nobel-prize winning author of the book "One Hundred Years of Solitude” who lived in Colombia, and its genus after the Kankuamo, which are indigenous people who inhabited the eastern slopes of the mountain range where the tarantula was found.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Less than a year since he stepped down as the chairman of Carnegie Hall after clashing with its staff, Ronald O. Perelman, the billionaire businessman, announced Wednesday that he was donating $75 million to revive plans to build a performing arts center at the World Trade Center site.
His donation immediately catapulted the long-stalled performing arts center, one of the last major pieces of unfinished business at the World Trade Center site, from aspirational to achievable and places him among a new generation of power brokers and billionaires who are reshaping — and renaming — the cultural infrastructure of New York. In recognition of his gift, the new theater complex, which will sit on one of the most emotionally resonant and most visited spots in the city, will be named for Mr. Perelman.
“I think that this is a project that must happen,” Mr. Perelman said in an interview, adding that he had been drawn to it by the vision of the role that art could play at the site of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, and in the continuing rebuilding of the area. “It is more than just a pure artistic center to serve a community. It is that, but at the same time it’s much more than that.”
In the last few years, the city’s wealthy elite have chiseled their names into some of the city’s most iconic cultural institutions — or sought to build their own. The New York Public Library’s main branch on Fifth Avenue has been renamed for Stephen A. Schwarzman, the old New York State Theater for David H. Koch and Avery Fisher (nee Philharmonic) Hall at Lincoln Center for David Geffen.
The new Perelman center is also joining several other projects that are being planned, including Culture Shed, a performance space at the Hudson Yards on the West Side, and a new park on Pier 55 near 14th Street with three outdoor spaces underwritten by the billionaire Barry Diller. Some arts executives have questioned whether the city had the audiences and donor base to sustain so many new cultural spaces.
But culture has long been envisioned as a key part of the rebuilt World Trade Center and was an important feature of the architect Daniel Libeskind’s 2003 master plan for the site. The performing arts center was placed on the back burner, though, as officials wrangled over the many other thorny issues involved in redevelopment. Groups including the old New York City Opera, the Signature Theater Company and the Joyce Theater all explored anchoring the new complex, but nothing came of it. The architect Frank Gehry was hired to design it, then his design was shelved. The project, which was championed by the Bloomberg administration and eagerly sought by downtown residents, was kept alive through the administrations of four governors and two mayors.
The seeds of Mr. Perelman’s involvement were planted a decade ago when Michael R. Bloomberg, who was the mayor, became the chairman of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum to restore confidence in the project, which had gone off track. Mr. Bloomberg recalled in an interview that one of the first donors he turned to was Mr. Perelman, who quickly agreed to donate $5 million to the museum project. Mr. Perelman stayed involved, expressing enthusiasm for the idea of a performing arts center at the site, and, as the project finally took shape recently, he agreed to make the lead gift.
“Perelman’s a funny guy — if he’s interested in the institution and its mission, he’s a very easy sell,” Mr. Bloomberg said. “There have been times I had to sell him when he didn’t care very much, and that took a little more work.”
The backers of the new Perelman center downtown see it as filling an important niche for a midsize theater that can accommodate the kinds of multidisciplinary works many artists experiment with today. The complex, which is being designed by REX, a Brooklyn-based architecture firm, is to include three flexible, technologically advanced theaters that can individually seat 499 people, 299 people and 100 people, and which can be combined into one space that can accommodate 1,200. The plan calls for the center to present or produce dance, concerts, new or early chamber opera, and theater, and to become the main venue of the Tribeca Film Festival each April.
The performance plans have yet to come fully into focus: David Lan, the artistic director at the Young Vic in London, did a stint as its temporary artistic director, and Jenny Gersten, a former executive director of Friends of the High Line and artistic director of the Williamstown Theater Festival in Massachusetts, is a producing consultant. But the presence of Mr. Perelman, a hard-charging businessman who is known to favor a hands-on approach with groups that he supports, suggests that there will be a powerful, wealthy patron pushing for it to succeed.
Mr. Perelman left Carnegie after spending less than a year as its chairman after clashing with its staff and other board members — and before making an additional donation to the hall that had been expected to be in the $30 million range. He said in the interview that his support of the new performing arts center was unrelated to his departure from Carnegie and that he probably would have made the donation to support the new complex in any case.
With Mr. Perelman’s donation, the project is now well on its way to covering its estimated $240 million price tag, said Maggie Boepple, the center’s president and director. The Lower Manhattan Development Corporation committed $100 million in federal funds awarded after the Sept. 11 attacks for the project’s design, construction and administrative costs.
“Ronald’s gift is going to open the doors,” Ms. Boepple said. “We have some other donors in the wings.”
Mr. Perelman, who raised eyebrows with his call to stage more pop music at Carnegie Hall, said that he envisioned attracting a wide variety of artists. “I would hope it is the first venue of choice for the Bruce Springsteens and the Bon Jovis and the Yo-Yo Mas and the Lang Langs, and at the same time it’s a place where we could have produced a “Hamilton” project or where we could produce a new ballet,” he said. He added that he was excited by the technological possibilities of the plans, which call for adding cutting-edge streaming capabilities that will allow the center to capture and disseminate performances in a much more immersive, sophisticated way than is done at most theaters.
Mr. Perelman said that he had been particularly taken by the designs of the architect, Joshua Prince-Ramus, who was formerly a partner of Rem Koolhaas, and recalled a recent meeting in which they went over the renderings of the complex, which have not yet been publicly released, and then discussed the technological possibilities with Nicholas Negroponte, a founder of the MIT Media Lab, who had been visiting Mr. Perelman on other business.
The news that the performing arts center finally had a lead gift, and was likely to get built, is sure to cheer downtown residents who have long seen it as a priority, said Catherine McVay Hughes, the chairwoman of Community Board 1. “The community that stayed was steadfast in supporting a cultural component,” she said. “It was important that something alive gets created here, right here, at the World Trade Center site.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Miss Teen USA is getting rid of swimsuits and swapping bikinis for athletic wear starting with the next pageant, on July 30.
The switch is aimed at “highlighting a healthy lifestyle” for younger viewers, said Michael Antinoro, the head of original content at IMG, a talent agency that last year bought the Miss Universe Organization, including Miss Teen USA, a contest for 14- to 19-year-old girls, from Donald J. Trump.
But there are no plans to remove the controversial, skin-baring display from the organization’s competitions for adult women, Miss USA. and Miss Universe, he said in a telephone interview.
“For Miss Universe and Miss USA, that’s a very important part of the competition and will continue to be an important part of the competition,” Mr. Antinoro said.
Replacing the teenagers’ swimsuits with athletic wear — which he defined as clothes the contestants might wear to the gym or yoga class — should not be seen as “anti-swimsuit,” he said. Whether through swimsuits or athletic wear, the aim is to “celebrate being healthy, and being in shape and being comfortable in your own skin,” he added.
It’s part of a continuing effort to distance the pageants from their roots: a competition based entirely on the contestants’ appearance. In recent years, organizers have sought to focus on the offstage lives of the women and girls, pushing their accomplishments and charity work, but criticism remains steady.
“Although pageant officials and contestants emphasize scholarships, talents and platform issues and repackage the swimsuit competition as the ‘lifestyle and fitness’ category, their rhetoric rings hollow,” Blain Roberts, a historian, wrote in 2013.
“Beauty pageants should go the way of the corset,” Courtney E. Martin, an author, wrote the same year “They’re outdated and restrictive and perpetuate a damaging link between real world success and a woman’s capacity to cultivate a very specific, stereotypical definition of beauty.”
Paula Shugart, the president of the Miss Universe Organization, said in a letter to state directors this week that the pageant was “committed to continuing to evolve in ways that celebrate women’s strength, confidence and beauty for years to come.”
“This decision reflects an important cultural shift we’re all celebrating that empowers women who lead active, purposeful lives and encourage those in their communities to do the same,” she wrote.
“Our hope is that this decision will help all of Miss Teen USA’s fans recognize these young women for the strong, inspiring individuals they are.”
Julianne Hough, a host of Miss USA 2016, told USA Today that she understood the resistance to the swimsuit portion of the pageant, but defended the segment as being similar to going to the beach.
“There is the whole thing of being confident in the fact you worked hard to get that body and you go to the gym and you eat healthy and do certain things,” she said. But, she added, “In the next few years, we may grow from that.”
The Miss World pageant ended its swimsuit competition in 2014.
“It’s not just a beauty contest; it’s ‘beauty with a purpose,’ ” Chris Wilmer, the national director of Miss World America and Miss United States, told ABC News. “There didn’t seem to be a purpose to have the swimsuit.”
Mr. Trump sold the Miss Universe organization to WME-IMG in September after two television partners dropped the competition in response to his comments about illegal immigrants.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Environmental attack. Free radical assault. Noxious gas: From some dire beauty headlines of late, you’d think the very air was contriving, if not to kill us, then to make us look older.
Scientists are just beginning to uncover how toxic air affects the skin’s aging process. A study done this year on data from subjects in Germany and China appeared to link increased air pollution to brown spots on the skin.
And not surprisingly, the big beauty players are stepping in with new skin care products — “pollution protection,” as it’s called.
So what exactly are we protecting ourselves against?
Ozone, the toxic gas formed when UV light hits mono-nitrogen oxides (basically, combustion exhaust), is suspected by some to be one of the primary causes of pollution-related skin damage. (Ozone in the stratosphere absorbs UV rays, and so is protective against skin cancer. But ground-level ozone has been linked to respiratory problems.)
We are continuously exposed to ozone, said Dr. Giuseppe Valacchi, an associate professor in physiology at the Department of Life Sciences and Biotechnology at the University of Ferrara in Italy, who is known for his expertise on pollution’s effect on the body. “It’s as if ozone were designed specifically to injure our skin.”
The outer layer of our skin contains lipids — that is, fats that bind skin cells together. Ozone oxidizes those lipids, Dr. Valacchi said, causing inflammation, breaking down the barrier function of the skin and activating a cascade of DNA-damaging events. What to do?
“You can protect yourself from UV damage with sunscreen, but sunscreens aren’t effective for pollution,” said Dr. Gilly Munavalli, medical director of Dermatology, Laser & Vein Specialists of the Carolinas in Charlotte, N.C. “The best thing we can do now is apply antioxidants: vitamins C and E.”
So beneficial antioxidants may already be part of your skin care routine.
Moreover, subverting air toxins can be as simple washing your face with the right cleanser. Particulate matter, the tiny harmful particles in the air, attaches to the skin as you go about your day. But it isn’t immediately damaging.
Dr. Carl Thornfeldt, the founder of the Epionce skin care line, who has studied skin barrier function for more than 20 years, said, “Use cleansers that will wash off all the bad molecules but not strip key oils.” Aveeno Ultra-Calming Foaming Cleanser ($7.99 at ulta.com) and Vanicream Gentle Facial Cleanser for Sensitive Skin ($7.99 at drugstore.com) produce minimal damage to lipids, Dr. Thornfeldt said.
Doctors say that a routine of antioxidants, cleansing and barrier repair is the best defense against air pollution.
“People forget that the main goal of our skin is to be an immune barrier,” said Dr. Anne Chapas of Union Square Laser Dermatology in Manhattan. “So the main goal is to keep things out of the body. If you have a compromised skin barrier, it’s letting things in.”
Among the skin care ingredients to consider are glycerin, lanolin, niacinamide and beeswax.
The pollutants we encounter every day may be largely inescapable, but there’s ample reason to be defensive in our skin care routine. Here are eight products that may help.
Dr. Jart-Plus Every Sun Day Sun Fluid
Sunscreen alone won’t protect the skin from all pollution damage. This formula ($34 at sephora.com), from the Korean brand Dr. Jart, claims to have the same electrical charge as dust particles in the air, therefore repelling them and creating a protective field. Bonus points for a quick-absorbing, moisturizing finish.
Coola Sport SPF50 Sunscreen Spray
Skin on the body is less susceptible to pollution than skin on the face is. “We mainly have sebum [oils] in our faces — not too much in other parts of the body,” Dr. Valacchi said. “And since it’s the ozone-sebum interaction that makes toxic molecules, damage is less likely there.” But that doesn’t mean one should skimp on protection. This sunscreen from Coola ($36 at coolasuncare.com) contains antioxidants. “We say apply sunscreen every 80 minutes, especially if you’re out in the sun,” Dr. Chapas said. This way, when you reapply sun protection, you get a boost of antioxidants as well.
Kayo Daily Vitamin Boost
Kayo, a new brand based in Malibu, Calif., makes what it calls “face grade” premium body care. Use its body antioxidant formula ($56 at kayobetterbodycare.com) as you would a face serum: Add several drops to your sunscreen or moisturizer. Vitamins C and E are the main antipollution ingredients in this mix of hydrators and collagen-boosters.
Dr. Andrew Weil for Origins Mega-Defense SPF 45 Advanced UV Defender
Containing extracts from a Brazilian cactus, this mineral sunscreen is said to create a physical barrier that protects skin from airborne particles ($41 at origins.com). It also claims to trigger the production of hornerin, a protein that aides epidermal function.
Elizabeth Arden Prevage City Smart
This tinted cream ($68 at elizabetharden.com in July) is a good cosmetic choice, too. Light diffusers blur blemishes, and its dewy texture makes it a good base layer for fresh-faced makeup.
Restorsea PRO IntensiveTreatment 10X
AA2G, a stabilized form of vitamin C, is one of the main ingredients in this skin-smoothing, anti-aging treatment ($195 at restorsea.com for doctors). Restorsea says it has a proprietary enzyme that digests only dead skin cells for exfoliation without irritation.
Epionce Renewal Facial Cream
This moisturizer ($94 at epionce.com) has ingredients said to be both barrier-repairing and anti-inflammatory, like meadowfoam, apple and avocado extract. “When the barrier is compromised, it causes inflammation, too,” Dr. Thornfeldt said. “You’ve got to control that.”
Skinceuticals TripleLipid Restore 2:4:2
Formulated specifically to repair barrier function, this cream ($125 at skinceuticals.com) replenishes cholesterol, ceramides and fatty acids, all of which are depleted as the skin barrier is compromised.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When Glasslands Gallery, the influential independent club on the Williamsburg waterfront in Brooklyn, closed at the end of 2014, its owners had already been thinking about what was next.
The partners — Rami Haykal, 28, and Jake Rosenthal, 29 — had booked shows and worked at the ragtag D.I.Y. space since college, taking over the lease in 2011. Along with their friend Dhruv Chopra, 29, who had advised at Glasslands, they were plotting an expansion to a larger room with the same grass-roots ethos when Glasslands fell victim to the Williamsburg real estate trends it helped catalyze: Vice Media, which outgrew the same punk spirit, took over the building.
So the young events entrepreneurs broadened their ambitions and embarked on a much more daring project: a new music and arts space measuring 24,000 square feet. It will include two performance rooms of different sizes, an art gallery, a loft bar and cafe with daytime service, and an open rooftop for D.J. sets and film screenings.
Dubbed Elsewhere — “It sounds like what we want the place to be: an alternative,” Mr. Rosenthal said of the name — the arts compound is in industrial Bushwick, deeper into Brooklyn on the L train, and is largely being built from the ground up in a converted warehouse at a cost of $3 million. (Its opening is planned for the fall.)
Such an undertaking, with its angel investors and adherence to building codes, may seem at odds with the do-it-yourself principles that pervade the world of semi-underground clubs in New York, known for their shaky floors and questionable legality. But those scrappy places are also fleeting, prone to sudden closure — the independent clubs Santos Party House and Palisades are the latest to fizzle — precisely the fate Elsewhere is preparing to avoid.
“Why did Glasslands disappear? Because a lot of the fundamentals of what it means to be a business in New York City weren’t really planned,” Mr. Rosenthal said. “That’s a good thing — it gave us the experience that we had there. But it’s gone now, and there’s a reason. We’re trying to build a space that artists and audiences can enjoy for a longer period of time.”
Mr. Chopra, who has a background in investment management, added, “The whole scene is realizing that now: This city is just naturally forcing people to evolve if you want to be sustainable.”
With the New York events scene increasingly dominated by megaconcert promoters like Live Nation, the founders of Elsewhere are hoping to fill a local void as a spacious, professionally run indie venue, with plans to book a majority of shows there through their own production company, PopGun Presents.
This week, a construction crew was noisily at work on the still-skeletal building, pouring cement and transporting mounds of dirt and rocks amid exposed wires and laid-out blueprints. But the shape of the labyrinth-like complex was beginning to reveal itself as a potential playground for emerging artists across mediums and the parade of Brooklyn showgoers hoping to get sweaty and dance.
On a tour of the space, its owners enthusiastically pointed out the planned amenities that will separate Elsewhere from its D.I.Y. predecessors: industrial air conditioning, a sizable coat-check area, multiple bars — and plentiful bathrooms, a necessary corrective to the dispiriting toilet scene at Glasslands.
“Part of the mandate of the project is to try to keep the spirit but fix the problems and operational headaches,” Mr. Rosenthal said, adding that the owners are “thinking about simple ways to make it a better experience” and reducing “the little frustrations of being at a crowded music venue in New York City.”
Still, the look of the place will be minimal, the owners said, because they chose to invest more in “creative infrastructure” — lights, stages, sound systems, artist green rooms — than interior design.
Programming will be crucial. Glasslands was known for its early support of rising indie acts like Grimes, FKA twigs, Disclosure and Frankie Cosmos; Elsewhere hopes to expand its genre boundaries, embracing more hip-hop, folk, house and techno, its owners said.
Above all, they hope the new venue will be a reliable community gathering place for those invested in alternative culture — but in a more grown-up package.
“This place isn’t going to fall apart,” Mr. Rosenthal said, recalling the “sense of chaos and impending doom” that came with running a space like Glasslands. “It’s not necessarily that it needed to be bigger and have better finishing or nicer wallpaper. It’s mostly that we wanted to set up a thing that could last.”
But the extra bathrooms don’t hurt.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SEOUL, South Korea — North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, put himself in charge of a new governing agency created during a meeting of his country’s rubber-stamp parliament, the Supreme People’s Assembly, on Wednesday.
The Assembly revised North Korea’s Constitution to create what the state media called a Commission on State Affairs, with Mr. Kim as its chairman. It replaces the National Defense Commission, the most powerful governing organ under Mr. Kim’s father, Kim Jong-il, who ruled North Korea until his death in 2011.
Mr. Kim’s new title was the latest in a series of top leadership roles in the military, party and government that he has acquired to establish his one-man rule.
Before his death, Kim Jong-il ruled North Korea as chairman of the National Defense Commission. Although the commission was originally created to oversee military affairs, he used it as his primary governing agency under his “military first” policy, which focused on the development of nuclear weapons and promoted the priorities of the Korean People’s Army in economic and other policy decisions.
Since taking power, Kim Jong-un has engineered a series of purges and filled the top posts in the party and military with loyalists, regaining influence over the military.
Compared with the military-oriented National Defense Commission, the newly created commission is broader, including key party and cabinet figures as members.
In the congress of the Workers’ Party in May, Mr. Kim was appointed chairman, a new post created to replace the title of general secretary that his father had held when he was the party boss.
The congress also adopted as a key national strategy Mr. Kim’s “byungjin” policy, which seeks economic development while continuing to expand the country’s nuclear weapons and missile capacities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NAIROBI, Kenya — The day started like any other for Willie Kimani, a Nairobi lawyer. He put on his gray trousers, jungle-green jacket and black shoes. He said goodbye to his wife and two young sons. And he walked out the door.
But what came next was like something out of a thriller movie — one with an unsettling end — and has mobilized Kenya’s lawyers, roped in several Western embassies and set off loud alarm bells in Kenya’s human rights community.
Last Thursday, Mr. Kimani, who has worked as a human rights defender since he graduated from law school five years ago, accompanied a client to trial in a case involving a police officer.
After a couple of witnesses testified, the case was adjourned a little before noon. Mr. Kimani and his client left the courthouse, on the outskirts of Nairobi, in a taxi.
Then they disappeared.
Mr. Kimani, an investigator with an American legal aid group, had been working on the case of a young motorcycle taxi driver who had been shot in the arm, apparently accidentally, by a police officer last year.
The driver, Josephat Mwenda, filed a complaint against the officer, who has not been publicly identified. The officer and his colleagues retaliated by pursuing false charges against Mr. Mwenda, including drug counts and accusations of petty crimes like riding a motorcycle without a helmet, according to human rights activists.
Still, Mr. Mwenda was reluctant to drop his complaint, and human rights advocates urged him to resist what appeared to be a pattern of police intimidation and harassment.
Around 4:30 p.m. Thursday, after the men had left the courtroom and no one had been able to reach them, Mr. Mwenda’s wife received a strange phone call, colleagues say.
A passer-by happened to see two men, maybe more, locked in a metal container on a police base yelling through a barred window for help.
The men threw out a note scribbled on toilet paper. The note was from Mr. Mwenda. It said: Call my wife. I’m in danger.
That is the last anyone has seen or heard from Mr. Kimani, Mr. Mwenda or the taxi driver, human rights advocates say. Their phones abruptly went dead on Thursday night. Police officers at the base where the toilet paper note was reportedly thrown out the window denied ever seeing the three.
Early the next morning, the taxi was found more than 30 miles away, parked on a road in a deserted, misty tea plantation, with the doors locked.
Many of Mr. Kimani’s colleagues now fear that police officers may have killed the three. And while Kenya is widely known as corrupt and violent, and is dogged by a long history of impunity, the brazen disappearing of a witness, a taxi driver and a well-known human rights defender is considered far beyond the norm in this country.
“That could have been me,” said Jeremy Chabari, a young Kenyan lawyer.
Kenya is no Rwanda, Ethiopia or Democratic Republic of Congo, places where dissidents are routinely locked up or worse. Kenya is considered one of the most progressive and open democracies in Africa. But this case is seen as a chilling setback in the battle to clean up the Kenyan police services.
“It’s astonishing that a lawyer with international human rights connections can be ‘disappeared’ in a country which enjoys strong international support and is subject to close Western scrutiny,” said Salim Lone, a former official in Kenya’s leading opposition party who now lives in New Jersey.
On Wednesday, several dozen young lawyers, immaculately dressed in suits and equipped with the latest smartphones, stood on the steps of Kenya’s Supreme Court to deliver a set of demands. The lawyers called on the government to immediately open an independent investigation and make a full report public by next week.
Charles Kanjama, the chairman of the lawyers’ group, said that the case had caused “great, great concern to the entire legal fraternity” and that the circumstances were “very suspicious.”
Kenyan police officials have said little, except that the investigation is being handled by an elite unit known as the Flying Squad, which is widely suspected of engaging in extrajudicial killings in the past.
The Flying Squad has been checking phone records and looking at footage from roadside surveillance cameras to identify where the three might have been taken. Human rights activists predicted that several officers, including the one involved in the original shooting, would soon be arrested.
The International Justice Mission, the American legal aid group that employed Mr. Kimani and has been representing Mr. Mwenda in his court cases, is a well-connected Christian organization. Within hours of the three men vanishing, the American Embassy in Nairobi received several messages from Washington asking diplomats to look into the case.
“We are heartbroken by this horrific targeting of our staff and are doing everything we can to locate these men,” said Claire Wilkinson, the group’s director in Kenya.
American law enforcement agents based in Nairobi are assisting in the investigation, and American diplomats, along with counterparts from Britain and several other Western nations, are pressuring high levels of the Kenyan government to take the case seriously. The American government provides millions of dollars of security assistance to Kenya each year, including training and equipment to police officers.
One American official said the Kenyan police clearly still had problems and that continued cooperation would be influenced by how much improvement the Kenyans actually make.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

“Have you ever been hit?” a man named John asks his caregiver in “Cost of Living,” a new play by Martyna Majok. “That’s what it’s like,” he continues. “Like people hitting me from beneath my skin.”
John, a Ph.D. candidate in political science, has cerebral palsy. So does Gregg Mozgala, who portrays him in this Williamstown Theater Festival production running through July 10. Ani, another character, is played by Katy Sullivan, a professional actress who is a Paralympic medalist. Their casting — in a high-profile production that will end up at the Manhattan Theater Club — is a visible sign of change when it comes to performers with disabilities, who rarely appear onstage, even as stories of disability offer rich and, yes, prize-generating material for actors.
Ms. Sullivan, who was born without lower legs, doesn’t believe that able-bodied performers should be prevented from playing the disabled. She sees acting as “putting on someone else’s soul, putting on someone else’s life experiences and trying to be truthful about them, whether you’re disabled or not.” Still, she noted, “Using performers with disabilities brings a layer of authenticity that you don’t have to go searching for.”
The Deaf West Theater production of “Spring Awakening,” which earned enthusiastic reviews when it played on Broadway last season, may have excited new interest in casting actors with disabilities. The recently announced Broadway revival of “The Glass Menagerie” will co-star Madison Ferris, an actress who uses a wheelchair, as Laura Wingfield. “I Was Most Alive With You,” which just ran at the Huntington Theater Company in Boston, was written by Craig Lucas expressly for the deaf actor Russell Harvard.
This is not exactly business as usual. The past several Broadway seasons have included shows like “The Cripple of Inishmaan,” “Richard III,” “Of Mice and Men,” “The Elephant Man,” “Side Show” and “The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.” In these plays and musicals, able-bodied actors played characters with physical or cognitive disabilities. Other recent “Glass Menagerie” revivals have cast actresses who can leave Laura’s limp at the stage door. (Representatives for the coming production declined to comment on its casting.)
Recent conversations around this issue, in film and television as well as in theater, have become more contentious, with comparisons often drawn to traditions of blackface. As the journalist Frances Ryan wrote in an opinion piece for The Guardian last year, “Perhaps it is time to think before we next applaud ‘cripping up.’ Disabled people’s lives are more than something for non-disabled actors to play at.”
Or, as Howard Sherman, the interim director of the Alliance for Inclusion in the Arts, put it: “Playing someone with a disability should not be considered a talent or a skill for nondisabled actors. It should be considered taking a job away from someone with the unique life experiences to portray that role.”
The language around these issues is also fraught. If “disabled” remains the standard term, some artists and activists resist its connotation of impairment. (Many who are deaf would argue against deafness being construed as a disability, for example.) The term “differently abled” is a common alternative, though some prefer more individual vocabulary.
Ali Stroker, the “Spring Awakening” performer who was said to be the first actress in a wheelchair to appear on Broadway, occasionally heard discouraging words.
Ms. Stroker, who said she was also the first actor in a wheelchair to graduate from New York University’s rigorous theater training program, recalled a casting director telling her, “This is going to be very hard for you.”
“Perfect,” Ms. Stroker said. “My life has been hard. I don’t like easy things.”
She added: “My experience of having a disability my entire life was perfect training for this industry. I’m used to hearing no. I’m used to being creative when someone has closed a door.”
But how many doors are open even now? With the exception of theaters like Deaf West, Theater Breaking Through Barriers and the Apothetae (founded by Mr. Mozgala) — created in part to provide opportunities for artists with disabilities — and companies like the Oregon Shakespeare Festival, which has committed to integrating disabled actors, most able-bodied roles go to able-bodied actors.
And many disabled roles still go to able-bodied actors, too. Sometimes this is necessary, as in roles that show gradual deterioration or unexpected recovery, or roles that call for a rare physical type, like the conjoined twins of “Side Show.” Sometimes it isn’t.
There has been controversy, for example, regarding the casting of Christopher in “Curious Incident,” a young man whose behavior places him on the autism spectrum. Some have used social media to pressure the producers to make auditions more accessible and welcoming to autistic actors. As the actor Mickey Rowe wrote in an email, “All too often we learn about autism from non-autistic people instead of going straight to the source.”
Mr. Harvard, a deaf actor often cast in deaf roles, appears the exception. In addition to his theater work, which included a starring part in Nina Raine’s widely produced “Tribes,” he has significant film credits and was prominently featured in the first season of the “Fargo” TV series. But even he has had difficulty finding parts.
“How many roles are there out there that incorporate ASL?” he wrote in an email message. “The opportunities are rare.” The idea that hearing actors might be cast in deaf roles affronts him. “If someone were to make a movie about my life and cast a hearing actor to play me …” He couldn’t complete the sentence.
When the roles are available, producers, directors and casting directors may have to search harder for disabled actors. Mandy Greenfield, the artistic director at Williamstown, agreed that it took extra work to assemble a pool of possible stars for “Cost of Living.”
Ms. Majok’s script stipulates that John and Ani be played by disabled performers; Mr. Mozgala, who helped Ms. Majok develop the play (the description of cerebral palsy as an internal fistfight is his configuration), was a sure thing. But Williamstown had to do a rigorous search to find Ani.
“Our intense process yielded absolutely magical results,” Ms. Greenfield said. (Manhattan Theater Club has yet to confirm casting for the spring production, but producers said they would honor Ms. Majok’s stipulation.)
Unlike her character, Ms. Sullivan is not paralyzed but rather runs record-setting sprints on prosthetic limbs. Conveying paralysis requires acting; maneuvering without prosthetics contributed to her understanding of the character.
“It helps me get to a place of vulnerability, because that’s not how I live my life,” she said. “I tend to wear my prosthetics wherever I go, and they make me feel a certain confidence. Taking those off, in some ways, is like being naked.”
It remains to be seen whether the recent casting of disabled actors marks a temporary uptick or a more lasting trend. Though D. J. Kurs, the artistic director of Deaf West, believes that “Spring Awakening” showed audiences the evocative language and gestures of deaf actors, “My cynical side, however, reminds me that the collective memory is short,” he wrote by email.
Mr. Mozgala hopes that artists themselves will create opportunities. His company, the Apothetae, has commissioned playwrights with this aim. “My community, and the history of disabled people, is fascinating,” he said. “Me just walking across the street — there’s something dramatic going on.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SAN FRANCISCO — In its three years of existence, Google Capital has been known for its investments in privately held start-ups like SurveyMonkey and Credit Karma.
Now it is expanding into investing in publicly traded companies — starting with Care.com, a specialist in helping connect families and caregivers of all stripes.
Google Capital said on Wednesday that it had invested $46.35 million in the $278 million company, making it the single biggest shareholder.
The transaction represents a new step for Google Capital, one of the investment arms of the technology conglomerate Alphabet. Unlike Alphabet’s GV, which is better known for investing in early-stage companies, Google Capital tends to invest in older “growth stage” businesses that are looking to expand.
But Google Capital has not previously invested in publicly traded companies. Now it is following in the footsteps of investment firms like Silver Lake that have bought preferred shares in publicly traded companies.
Care.com was founded in 2007 and went public in early 2014. The company offers customers a range of services that include babysitting, senior care, housekeeping and pet sitting, as well as options to manage taxes for nannies through its HomePay service.
To Care.com’s founder and chief executive, Sheila Lirio Marcelo, bringing in Google Capital provides money to help the business expand — and gain access to what she said were the resources on tap at Google and its parent, Alphabet.
“It’s a huge opportunity for Care.com,” she said in a telephone interview. “Through Google Capital, we can get access to Google and Alphabet’s experts.”
Care.com first became known to Google when the technology company signed up as a customer five years ago. That eventually prompted Laela Sturdy, a partner at Google Capital who was looking to use Care.com’s services, to inquire into investing in the company.
“Care.com exemplifies the kind of company that we want to invest in,” Ms. Sturdy said in an interview. “We’ve been focused on growth-stage companies, and really our only criteria is their having Google-sized aspirations.”
Under the terms of the deal, Google Capital will buy convertible preferred stock in Care.com at a conversion price of $10.50 a share, or 24 percent above Wednesday’s closing price for its common stock. The preferred shares pay an annual interest rate of 5.5 percent.
Also, Ms. Sturdy will receive a seat on the board.
Connected to Wednesday’s deal, Care.com said that it would buy back 3.7 million shares owned by an early backer, Matrix Partners. Ms. Marcelo said the move limited the dilution of the Google Capital transaction to roughly 2 percent.
Morgan Stanley and the law firm Latham & Watkins advised Care.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The force that gives one couture house, or one fashion designer, the power to shape the tastes of women has always verged on the magical — sometimes literally.
When the French couturier Christian Dior was a teenager in Normandy, a fortuneteller told him, “You will be poor, but you will achieve success through women.”
He was, apparently, “mystified” by the prediction, or so it is revealed in “Couture Confessions,” a collection of posthumous conversations between the author, Pamela Golbin, the chief curator of fashion and textiles at the Musée des Arts Décoratifs in Paris, and 11 fashion eminences of the 20th century, including Paul Poiret, Jeanne Lanvin, Madeleine Vionnet, Dior, Coco Chanel, Yves Saint Laurent and Alexander McQueen.
But Ms. Golbin did not need to consult a fortuneteller (or a Ouija board) to channel her subjects. The couturiers may no longer be living, but each left behind hundreds of opinionated, character-filled interviews (and, in some cases, autobiographies), making it possible for her to invent tailor-made questions about their challenges and creative processes and then provide answers in their recorded words.
While this may sound a mite peculiar, it works convincingly, rather like an extended séance in which the dressmakers visit Ms. Golbin, one after another, and share their secrets. The book is enhanced with black-and-white drawings by the illustrator Yann Legendre. And as you read it, you feel like a boulevardier in present-day Paris, sitting at a cafe and leafing through a magazine chock-full of revelations.
The most charming of Ms. Goldin’s subjects is probably Poiret, the “king of fashion” in the Belle Époque, who is quoted speaking with entertaining false humility about his renown. “Some have been good enough to say that I exercised a powerful influence over my age, and inspired an entire generation,” he said. While it would be “presumptuous” to agree, “If memory serves, when I started out all color was absent from fashion,” he added.
A more modest contemporary of Poiret’s, Jeanne Lanvin, acknowledged her expertise at the robe de style, the favorite of brides and prom queens everywhere: a “clinging bodice rising above a billowing skirt of rich or dainty fabric.” But, she said, “I very much prefer that my work shall speak for me.”
The British designer Alexander McQueen characterized his double-duty life, running his own house in London and Givenchy in Paris, as a kind of madness, saying: “I’m not tortured, I’m schizophrenic. I express the collision of my contradictions: romanticism encased in sadomasochism, for example.”
“All my work is biographical in some sense,” the collection quotes McQueen, who committed suicide in February 2010, as saying. “It has to be; otherwise there is no soul to it.”
Coco Chanel, frank and combative as always, attacked the miniskirt as “an exhibition of meat,” but upheld the primacy of the “spirit of Paris” as fashion’s supreme instigator.
“The genius of the French, in matters of fashion, has always been to be its wellspring,” she said. “Draw as much water as you want, but you can’t walk off with the fountain.” This may be why she didn’t mind when people copied her designs. “Every imitation has its basis in love for the original,” she said.
Pierre Balmain liked to say that “a couturier should let his work speak for itself,” but like Lanvin, he could not resist the temptation to verbally embellish his fashions. And neither could the rest of them — with the exception of the notoriously closemouthed Cristóbal Balenciaga, whose chapter Ms. Golbin fills with admiring commentary by Cecil Beaton, John Fairchild, Diana Vreeland, Coco Chanel and other tastemakers.
She hit upon the idea for the book in 2009, after curating a retrospective in Paris on Madeleine Vionnet, inventor of the bias cut, which gave a “supple, easy and promising” fluidity to fabric, freeing women from the armature of pre-World War I designs. For the exhibition catalog, Ms. Golbin explained to Hamish Bowles, European editor at large for American Vogue, that she devised a “conversation” with Vionnet — the lively, chatty dressmaker (who died in 1976) — folding in the couturière’s previously published comments. Readers felt such a connection, they sent her letters addressed to Vionnet, assuming she was still alive.
“Hearing them speak creates a dialogue, a conversation,” Ms. Golbin said. “I wanted to give the reader access into the private studio of each of these designers, to learn more about them and what makes them tick.”
Yves Saint Laurent once said: “Couture is a multitude of whispered secrets. Few have the privilege of transmitting them.” In “Couture Confessions,” Ms. Golbin removes the barrier, making visible the secrets that lurk in the dresses we once wore.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

All but one of the nation’s largest banks earned an unconditional passing grade from federal regulators on their annual stress tests, which measure their preparedness to weather a financial crisis.
The one American-based institution that did not pass unconditionally was Morgan Stanley, a Wall Street bank that has been struggling to regain its footing after the financial crisis of 2008. Regulators raised concerns over the company’s internal controls and processes.
The Federal Reserve gave failing grades to the American subsidiaries of two European banks, Deutsche Bank and Santander, which both failed in previous years.
The banking stress tests — which measure whether banks have enough capital and liquidity, management controls and other necessary safeguards to survive various worst-case situations — have been required of banks with more than $50 billion in assets since the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act, which took effect in 2010.
The passing grades mean that all of the big banks — even Morgan Stanley — will be able to pay dividends and buy back stock from shareholders.
The results, announced by the Fed on Wednesday afternoon, are the second part of the annual stress tests, which compel each institution to run a simulation of how it would bear up under various catastrophic conditions, like an abrupt rise in interest rates or unemployment, or a big crash in equity markets. Last week, the Fed said that all the big banks would be able to make it through a recession and still maintain adequate financial buffers.
On Wednesday, a Fed official said that even with the concerns raised, the stress test results suggest that banks would be able to withstand an event like Britain’s exit from the European Union, which has rocked bank stocks over the last week.
Since the financial crisis, banks have been required to create large capital barriers to cushion against losses from a recession or market shock. While the financial system has not encountered any problems close to the mortgage losses of 2008, banks have been able to withstand more recent challenges like the steep drop in oil prices and the turmoil in Europe.
While tougher capital requirements may be helping to stabilize the banks, they are hampering profitability. The stock prices of many large banks have languished as investors question whether these companies can increase their profits substantially in such a stringent new regulatory environment.
The stress test results announced Wednesday are no doubt a welcome relief, in particular, to Bank of America and Citigroup, which have had difficulty passing the test unconditionally in past years. Both banks have spent tens of millions of dollars and assigned some of their top executives to the task of ensuring that they gain the Fed’s approval.
Shortly after the results were made public, Citigroup announced that it would more than triple its dividend, to 16 cents from 5 cents, and buy back as much as $8.6 billion of stock. Bank of America said it would increase its dividend to 7.5 cents from 5 cents and purchase $5 billion in shares.
Even Morgan Stanley came forward to say that it planned to raise its dividend to 20 cents from 15 cents and increase its share buyback program to $3.5 billion for the four quarters beginning July 1, from $2.5 billion in the previous period.
The three banks that were called out by the Fed on Wednesday all had big enough financial buffers, the regulators said. Rather, the criticism was with more qualitative aspects of the way the three banks operate internally.
At Morgan Stanley, the Fed said, the problems “include shortcomings in the firm’s scenario design practices, which do not adequately reflect risks and vulnerabilities specific to the firm, weaknesses in some aspects of the firm’s modeling practices, and weaknesses in governance and controls around both scenario design and modeling practices.”
Morgan Stanley will be able to return money to shareholders, as planned, but it will need to improve its internal processes by the end of the year. If the bank does not make those improvements, the Fed could halt the bank’s payouts.
The results are an unhappy hiccup for Morgan Stanley, which has been struggling to raise its profits to the level of its competitors’ and is in the middle of a significant cost-cutting campaign.
In a statement, the chief executive of Morgan Stanley, James P. Gorman, said, “We are committed to addressing the Fed’s concerns about our capital planning process and fully expect to meet their requirements within the established time frame.”
For Deutsche Bank and Santander, the failing grades raise bigger concerns about their ability to satisfy American regulators. The Deutsche Bank unit in the United States has failed twice in a row, and Santander three times.
In this and previous years, the Fed has applied its tests only to parts of Santander and Deutsche Bank. These two banks, as well as other foreign banks, like Barclays, UBS and Credit Suisse, have large operations in the United States that have not undergone stress tests. But that will soon change. The large foreign banks now have to organize their American operations into a single “intermediate holding company.”
Next year, the Fed will do a trial test of these entities and keep the results private. But in 2018, these large holding companies will be subjected to full-fledged tests, and the results will be made public. Failing those stress tests would be much more of a blow to Deutsche Bank and Santander than the hit they took on Wednesday.
A Fed official said on Wednesday that all the big banks had been making progress but that Deutsche Bank and Santander still needed to make significant improvements.
In a statement, Scott Powell, the chief executive of Santander Holdings USA, said, “We are financially sound. These results do not affect our ability to serve our customers.”
Deutsche Bank also emphasized that even though its American unit had failed the test, it still had adequate capital.
“We appreciate the Federal Reserve’s recognition of our progress, and we will implement the lessons learned this year in order to strengthen our capital planning process,” Bill Woodley, deputy chief executive of Deutsche Bank Americas said in a statement.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LOS ANGELES — The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences invited many more minorities and women to join on Wednesday as the first major step in reshaping its membership after the #OscarsSoWhite controversy this year.
The announcement of the unusually large new class — more than twice last year’s number — followed a January pledge by the academy to double its female and minority membership by 2020 after it failed to nominate any minority actors for an Oscar for the second year in a row.
By the academy’s count, 46 percent of this year’s 683 invitees are women, and 41 percent are minorities. Included were many of the stars and filmmakers who some felt were snubbed when the Oscar nominations were announced this year, including the director Ryan Coogler (“Creed”) and actors like Idris Elba (“Beasts of No Nation”).
But the academy still has a long way to go to reach its goals, and the pace of new membership could be hard to sustain. Even if all of the new invitees join, minority membership would rise to 11 percent from 8 percent, and the percentage of women would increase to 27 percent from 25 percent.
Many observers have said the root problem lies not with the academy, but with the film industry at large and the lack of opportunities it provides for women and minorities. In reaching for a more diverse membership, the academy moved well outside the United States, tapping new members from a total of 59 countries. The academy, which provided detailed statistics about its effort, said 283 of those invited were from outside the United States.
Still, the producer Stephanie Allain (“Dear White People,” “Hustle & Flow”), who was critical of the academy after this year’s nominations and is currently a candidate for the academy’s board of governors, said she was excited by the list “because it opens the door to deserving artists across disciplines, proving that diversity and excellence are not mutually exclusive.”
Speaking by telephone on Wednesday, the academy’s president, Cheryl Boone Isaacs, said she expected to see the expansive approach to membership continue until its stated aim of doubling the number of female and minority members is achieved, adding, “There’s no limit here.”
“We have a goal here and are going to continue to work as hard as we can to meet that goal,” Ms. Isaacs said.
Should all those invited on Wednesday join the academy, this year’s 6,262 voters would climb to nearly 7,000. The prospective total voting membership appears to represent a new high for the academy, though it had more Oscar voters when nonmembers were permitted to cast ballots. That practice ended by the late 1950s.
The sudden broadening of the film academy is just one step in a process that must accelerate if the group is to meet its goals. An analysis by The New York Times of the academy’s acting branch showed that unit, which had about 1,100 members last year, would have to admit about 80 actors a year, and three women for every man, to reach approximate gender parity by 2020.
About 70 actors were invited this year, roughly half of them women. Virtually everyone invited to join the academy in past years has accepted, but exact membership rolls are not made public.
Once considered a strictly internal affair, academy membership has become the stuff of public debate and even public policy.
On Wednesday in New York, for instance, the Mayor’s Office of Media and Entertainment announced an unusual initiative, under which it intends to gather credentials of female and minority filmmakers from the New York area, then offer them as possible candidates for the academy’s next class of new members.
New York-area filmmakers can post their qualifications or those of others on a web portal that will carry the name and social media hashtag #NominateNYC and will be available through Nov. 15, and various Hollywood guilds and other professional organizations will be asked to consider recruiting from the pool. Academy officials were consulted about, but did not directly collaborate in, creating the New York outreach program, said Julie Menin, the city’s media and entertainment commissioner.
Whether academy members — generally protective of their right to say who qualifies for admission to the group — will respond to such pressure from the outside remains to be seen.
But Wednesday’s announcement suggested an abandoning of a sense of reserve — some would say clubbiness — that distinguished membership invitations in past years.
Less than a decade ago, academy officials were slashing annual invitations to as few as 115, in an attempt to raise the professional tone of the membership and to trim a group that was deemed too large when it hit 5,810 voters, and about 6,500 members including those with nonvoting emeritus status, in 2008.
Much larger numbers cast Oscar votes in the 1930s, when the academy sent ballots not just to its members, but to others in Hollywood’s guilds as well.
Whether this year’s nearly 700 invitees represent a record number is unclear. In its 1947 annual report, the academy said it had doubled membership to 1,600 from 800 in a year. But those new members were not all invited at once.
But the new list appears likely to yield record high membership, even allowing for the typical levels of attrition through death or voluntary election of emeritus status, and the impact — expected to be minimal — of a mandated purge of inactive members.
The academy branches, which represent various crafts — including writers, actors and costume designers — are expected to complete reviews of member activity later this summer. Some branches have indicated an intention to cut few or no members, according to people briefed on the plans, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of confidentiality strictures.
Famous black actors who were invited included Chadwick Boseman, John Boyega and Vivica A. Fox. The white actors Andrew Garfield and Brie Larson, who won the Oscar for best actress for “Room” this year, were also invited, as were the Asian actors Daniel Dae Kim and Byung-hun Lee, and Luis Guzmán, who is Hispanic.
Ice Cube, a founding member of the rap group N.W.A., whose rise to fame was dramatized in the film “Straight Outta Compton” — which was praised by critics and audiences but failed to gain a nomination for best picture this year — was another invitee.
The academy’s directors branch appears to be poised for some of the biggest changes. The branch, which consisted of fewer than 400 filmmakers last year, invited about 90 new members, including Ana Lily Amirpour (“A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night”), Mary Harron (“The Notorious Bettie Page”), Taika Waititi (“What We Do in the Shadows”), and Lana and Lilly Wachowski (The “Matrix” trilogy, “Cloud Atlas”).
Notable invitees to the executives branch were James and Lachlan Murdoch, who have assumed increased authority over 20th Century Fox from their father, Rupert Murdoch.
In the decade preceding those back-to-back snubs, academy members had nominated and given awards to a number of black actors, including Jamie Foxx, who won the best actor Oscar for his performance in “Ray,” and Lupita Nyong’o, who won best supporting actress in 2014 for her role in “12 Years a Slave,” which was that year’s best picture.
But within days of the nominations being announced, academy officials, facing intense public criticism, promised to restructure their group, with an eye toward creating a more diverse voting pool and governing board.
At the same time, Ms. Isaacs, the academy’s president, and Dawn Hudson, its chief executive, urged members to find a diverse field of new recruits, many of whom appeared on Wednesday’s list of invitees.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LARAMIE, Wyo. — When the debate over allowing transgender students to use the bathrooms of their choice rolled into town like a high-plains thunderstorm, Laramie’s school board took its own multiple-choice test.
It faced two competing proposals. The first would let transgender students use the bathrooms matching their gender identity, aligning Laramie with the Obama administration and liberal activists. Under the second option, anatomy would dictate, appeasing conservative parents and religious groups.
It was a tough call in a community that is one part liberal college town and one part conservative Wyoming range, where some church signs cite Scripture while others quote the musician Prince. People still visit a memorial to Matthew Shepard, the gay University of Wyoming student who was murdered nearby in 1998.
The transgender debate here brought dozens of parents, students and residents to speak at school board meetings. Advocates on both sides gathered petition signatures. Emails poured in to the superintendent, some advocating equality and others warning of predators in the bathrooms.
Ultimately, the school district chose none of the above.
“There was an expectation from the public: Pick one,” said Jubal C. Yennie, superintendent of Albany County District 1 in southern Wyoming. “We don’t need to make a case one way or the other that draws a distinction.”
More than a month after the Obama administration issued sweeping guidelines telling schools how to accommodate transgender students, battle lines are hardening. After emotional public meetings, schools in places like Highland Park, N.J., and Fairfax County, Va., have expanded protections for transgender students. But in 11 states, conservative governors and attorneys general are suing the administration, trying to block what they call a “massive social experiment” in school bathrooms and locker rooms across the country.
Caught in the middle are ambivalent school systems like Laramie’s, hesitant to pass new policies that could ignite outrage or lawsuits from either side.
“Do we need to be writing federal law? No,” Dr. Yennie asked. “The answer is, ‘Let’s have a conversation.’”
He said the district was happy to call transgender students by their preferred names and pronouns. He also said school administrators would talk with transgender students individually to find a bathroom or locker room that fit. In the wake of the debate, the district was adding more gender-neutral bathrooms to a new $90 million high school it is building.
“Many schools don’t actually want to put a policy in place,” said John Knight, who directs litigation surrounding sexual orientation and gender identity issues in the Midwest for the American Civil Liberties Union of Illinois. “But for individual students, they are treating them with respect and allowing them access to restrooms.”
Rihanna Kelver, a recent Laramie High School graduate with teal-streaked hair and newfound political ambition, spent the last six months putting out petitions and speaking at board meetings to urge Laramie’s schools to adopt a policy that would formally allow students like her to use the school facilities where they felt comfortable.
She began living as a girl in her junior year in high school, and after conversations with her school principal, she used a single restroom designated for women at a far corner of the high school. Eventually, she just started using the girls’ bathrooms.
“I was a female in the restroom,” she said. “That was it.”
She said she never encountered opposition for using the bathroom she wanted. But when the school board started to weigh formal policies last September, a monthslong debate erupted. The district set up a committee to study the issue, and so many parents began coming to once sedate school board meetings that the district had to set up an overflow room.
“This has turned into a hot potato,” said Ken Cramer, a school board member who supports extending equal protections to transgender students.
Wyoming, nicknamed the Equality State, embraced the right to vote for women decades before the 19th Amendment passed. So far, it has not joined conservative states in suing the Obama administration, nor has it adhered to liberal states in passing antidiscrimination laws that encompass gender identity and sexual orientation. At the same time, its streak of Western independence resists federal involvement.
Jillian Balow, the state’s superintendent of public instruction, criticized the Obama administration’s guidelines as a sweeping federal mandate that brushed aside efforts by local schools to address what she called “a sensitive topic.” In a letter to schools, she criticized the guidelines as a sweeping edict.
Some parents said they were just starting to learn about transgender issues and resented Washington’s intervention.
“In Wyoming, we’re just having the community start a discussion,” said Suzanne Spiker-Miller, the mother of an incoming seventh-grader and a high school senior. “It feels like they don’t have any faith in the communities to come up with something. It was like: ‘We’re just going to tell you what to do.’”
Ms. Spiker-Miller’s older daughter, Rio, said she and her friends first started discussing the topic of gender identity and public restrooms on a volleyball team trip. She said that she wanted transgender classmates to feel safe and comfortable, but that she would be uncomfortable changing in the same locker room as someone with male private parts.
“Locker rooms are awkward anyways,” she said. “It’s scary for me as a girl, having that potential for a perverted guy to come in. You get those guys, especially in high school. There would always be that potential.”
Parents and other residents who supported the anatomy-centered policy urged the board to set aside gender-neutral restrooms. Some said that the needs of a tiny minority of students — experts estimate that 0.3 percent of the population is transgender — should not reshape policy for the entire district. Others wondered why the issue was commanding so much attention.
“I feel like the school board has a lot more important issues than where people are going to the bathroom,” said Heather Larson, the mother of four boys and two girls. “We tell kids no all the time: No you can’t spit on the lockers, no you can’t use your phones. Kids are used to following rules in a school, and I don’t think telling people where they have to go to the bathroom is heartbreaking.”
The school district’s decision to punt on the issue disappointed students and parents who had been pushing for equal protections to become a written policy. Ms. Kelver, the recent high school graduate, has announced she is running for school board and said she would make gender issues a central focus of her campaign.
“It’s a tough situation,” she said. “People want to say we’re the aggressors, that we’re the ones who want to do harm unto people, that we’re just pushing our agenda. It’s just me wanting to survive.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BEIJING — “The trouble with committing political suicide is that you live to regret it,” Christopher F. Patten, the last British colonial governor of Hong Kong, wrote about Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, attributing the aphorism to Winston Churchill.
To continue the motif: Like any suicide, a “Brexit’’ would hurt others, too. There may be special meaning for Hong Kong, which returned to Chinese rule on July 1, 1997, after 156 years of rule from London.
Attention in Hong Kong has mostly focused on the economic impact on the territory. Hong Kong’s richest man, Li Ka-shing, has substantial investments in Britain, and HSBC, the bank that was founded in Hong Kong in 1865, is headquartered in London.
Yet, could a shrunken economy and greater political isolation, possible outcomes if Britain withdrew from the European Union, also cause Britain’s voice in Hong Kong affairs to slip?
Britain has a right to speak out on Hong Kong affairs until 2047, when the Sino-British Joint Declaration governing the terms of its return to China expires, Johannes Chan, a law professor at Hong Kong University, said in an interview.
In the Joint Declaration, China agreed that Hong Kong would retain a high degree of autonomy and its capitalist financial and legal systems for 50 years. “The current social and economic systems in Hong Kong will remain unchanged, and so will the lifestyle,” the Joint Declaration says.
“Because of the Joint Declaration, the British government has a legitimate interest in Hong Kong; for example, in its democratic development,” Mr. Chan said.
The Joint Declaration was the basis of the Basic Law, Hong Kong’s mini-Constitution, which promised Hong Kong “gradual and orderly progress” toward greater democracy, though in vague terms.
So while China can — and does — tell the United States not to interfere in Hong Kong’s internal affairs, a common Chinese complaint against nations that press for greater human rights in China, “it cannot tell the British,” Mr. Chan said.
Recent episodes such as the alleged abduction by mainland security agents of Hong Kong booksellers who published gossipy tomes on Chinese politics raise doubts as to whether China is honoring its agreements, especially on Hong Kong’s right to retain its civil liberties.
Yet, Albert Ho, a Hong Kong lawmaker, said Britain’s defense of Hong Kong was already so weak that the prospect of a diminishing voice in Hong Kong affairs may not matter.
“Much depends on how committed is the U.K. to upholding the Joint Declaration, and how fast it can move and hard it can work to pressurize Beijing,” Mr. Ho said in an interview.
“Now I don’t think the U.K. has in the past been working very hard, in the sense that it would be very strongly committed to upholding the Joint Declaration, even at the expense of its relationship with China,” he said.
“I always think the British always put its economic interest with China above its obligation” to Hong Kong, he said.
A front-page commentary in the overseas edition of People’s Daily, the Communist Party newspaper, tried to quell speculation that relations between Beijing and London might be affected by last week’s vote on European Union membership.
“The Chinese-British ‘Golden Age’ won’t change because of Britain leaving the European Union,” the commentary said, referring to the close ties that Prime Minister David Cameron has built with China, but it warned: “At the same time, the voices defaming Chinese-British relations are stirring, ready to make trouble.”
But this week also brought a new tone to those ties, with Conservative members of Parliament releasing a report saying that Britain should reconsider its relationship with China because of a sharp deterioration in human rights there.
Either way, Mr. Ho doubts Britain’s commitment to protecting Hong Kong’s freedoms.
“After all, they are just making comments in the Parliament,’’ he said. “Nothing more, no actual measures, including exercising diplomatic pressure on China.”
“Whereas the U.S. can always flex its muscles in readjusting the trade relationship with Hong Kong,’’ he said, “the U.K. has no such instrument nor is it committed.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BEFORE the iPhone arrived in 2007, no one really thought typing on touch-screen keyboards was a good idea. Since then we have become expert at tapping on the glass of our phones and tablets.
While the built-in keyboards from Apple, Google and other device makers are much better than they used to be, they are not the only options available.
One of the most surprising third-party keyboard apps for Apple devices comes from Apple’s archrival Google. The new Gboard app works just as any sort of touch-screen keyboard does. It has a clean and simple design that doesn’t distract you as you tap away. It also offers all the usual punctuation and emoji via obvious controls. It even looks good, appearing superficially similar to Apple’s own keyboard.
Gboard, though, has some very nice extras. The space bar doubles as a track pad that lets you scroll the cursor around in text you have already typed.
Also, Google has incorporated search features directly into the keyboard.
Hit the Google button as you type a message and you are typing in a search box. All of Google’s search results are then accessible, ready to be copied and pasted into the text — useful in looking up a word definition, checking a street address, or finding a GIF or a YouTube video. You can even search for emoji, which saves you the trouble of hunting manually.
Gboard also offers the option to glide-type — swiping between consecutive letters instead of tapping on the screen — and many of the app’s features are customizable through settings.
If you are worried that Google will log what you type, Google says it will not record your messages, be they love letters or musings on the latest news or gossip. Gboard is free.
While Gboard has much to like, my favorite third-party keyboard app is SwiftKey. It deals with one of the biggest problems with typing on a touch screen: mistakes. SwiftKey autocorrects them.
But that’s just the start. As any smartphone user knows, autocorrect can mangle what you are trying to type even further. SwiftKey uses artificial intelligence to learn about your writing style over time, building up an understanding of the words you like to use. So when you are typing a long message, the app can usually do a good job of correcting typos you make because it can guess the word you intended to use.
SwiftKey also suggests the words you may want to type next so they can be entered with a single keystroke. SwiftKey can even learn your slang and emoji habits.
The app does a good job of detecting which language you are using, automatically switching its correction of typos even if you switch languages midmessage (a common weak point of other keyboards’ autocorrect systems, as bilingual typists like me know well).
The app supports glide typing, and it is quite customizable, so that its layout can be changed to a split keyboard, for example, or the background color can be changed. SwiftKey is free for both iOS and Android, but some of the colorful themes cost $1 to $2.
If SwiftKey doesn’t polish your typing skills, Fleksy is a similar third-party keyboard app, free for both iOS and Android, that has many of the same features. Fleksy’s keyboard layout is customizable in color and size, and the app is good at autocorrecting typos.
As with Gboard, the space bar doubles as a track pad, and Fleksy has a one-handed typing mode, which is handy if you are carrying something in your other hand.
The app’s main feature is that it has customizable keyboard rows, so that particular words or keys can always be available.
Then there is the old but still good standby Swype. Swype helped popularize the gesture-based, glide-to-type text entry system.
Swype is still a very good app. It offers many of the same features as its rivals, like predicting the next words to be typed, and lets gestures perform tricks like scrolling back through text that has already been entered. It also has different themes, so its look and feel can be changed. But Swype has not advanced as quickly as its peers in adapting to new trends and offering new features.
It’s also $1 on iOS and Android, and some of its colorful themes cost upward of $1.
Finally, for another surprising keyboard app, check out Microsoft’s Word Flow, which is free on iOS.
All the standard keyboard tricks are there — predictive text, smart autocorrection and glide typing. But Word Flow is one of the best-looking keyboard apps, and its customization options let you place an image behind the keyboard instead of simply colorful themes.
There is also a one-handed typing mode that rearranges the keys into an arc around one corner of the screen, so you just have to swivel your thumb to hit the right key. This curved keyboard is very clever and could be very useful, though it does take a bit of getting used to. Word Flow is free, but for now, sadly, it is iOS-only.
NASA’s mobile apps have always been popular for people interested in space technology and astronomy because of the vast amount of information, archive images, video and live news they offer.
Now the NASA app for Apple TV has arrived, and safe to say the latest Mars panoramas look much more impressive on your living room’s big screen than on your phone. There is also the option to view live, high-resolution video from the International Space Station, making your TV a window into space. The app is free through the Apple TV App Store.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LONDON — “Be brave,” Jussi Pylkkanen, Christie’s global president, urged the crowd at Wednesday evening’s postwar and contemporary art sale as he began taking bids for one of two works by Jean-Michel Basquiat.
At least one seller clearly wasn’t feeling intrepid, withdrawing the sale’s top lot, Gerhard Richter’s “Abstraktes Bild (811-2),” a 1994 painting estimated at about $19 million, just before the auction. Or perhaps Christie’s was unable to generate enough interest in that piece, which did not have a guarantee.
Still, the cautious sense of Brexit-proof resilience in the art market that surfaced at Sotheby’s auction on Tuesday and at Phillips’s sale on Monday was also clear at Christie’s 39-lot auction. The sale brought a total of 39.6 million pounds, or $52.8 million, compared with a presale estimate of $35.1 million to $50 million.
Wednesday night’s mood was particularly buoyed by the flurry of bidding for the Basquiats.
Eight works by the urban artist, who died in 1988, had been consigned to Christie’s by the actor Johnny Depp (six will be auctioned at Christie’s day sale on Thursday). The first of the group, a 1981 self-portrait made of paint and paper on three hinged wooden panels, sold Wednesday after heated bidding for 3.5 million pounds, or $4.7 million, to Acquavella Galleries, well exceeding its high estimate of $1.9 million.
And the artist’s “Pork” from the same year, painted on a door, sold for £5.1 million, or $6.8 million, to a telephone bidder competing with an unidentified woman at the back of the room. This price, the highest of the evening, surpassed the high estimate of $4.4 million.
William Acquavella, who said he purchased the Basquiat self-portrait to sell at his gallery, added that caution persists in the market. “There just isn’t that much quality — pickings are slim — but it’s been like this for a while,” he said. “The auction houses aren’t offering as many guarantees and dealers are doing more privately. Sellers don’t want to take the risk. It’s a volatile time, and people need the assurance of getting the price they want.”
The auction started out strong with Adrian Ghenie’s “Dr. Mengele” a 2011 oil on canvas that is part of a series by the painter depicting the notorious Nazi doctor at Auschwitz. It sold for £398,500, or about $530,300.
(Final prices include the buyer’s premium: 25 percent of the first £100,000; 20 percent of the next £100,000 to £2 million; and 12 percent of the rest. The presale estimates do not reflect commissions.)
Other high points included Sean Scully’s “Eve,” an oil on three attached canvases that sold for £902,500, or $1.2 million.
Christie’s said at a postsale news conference that the auction drew bidders from 39 countries across four continents, including many participants from Asia. Ten of the lots sold to buyers in Britain, which has been buffeted by last week’s referendum result calling for the nation to exit from the European Union. “The response was very global,” said Brett Gorvy, Christie’s worldwide chairman for postwar and contemporary art.
“Asian bidding was across the scale on artists like Basquiat, Ghenie and Scully,” he said. “We haven’t seen that up to now.”
There were surprises. Francis Outred, Christie’s European head of postwar and contemporary art, said he had anticipated that Andy Warhol’s “Two Dollar Bills” would sell to an American “because of the cheap dollar.” Instead, it went to a British-based buyer for $5.9 million.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OSLO — A Norwegian court on Wednesday cleared the way for the extradition of an Iraqi Kurdish imam to Italy to face terrorism-related charges.
The cleric, Najmuddin Faraj Ahmad, commonly known as Mullah Krekar, arrived in Norway as a refugee in 1991, but is not a citizen. He has been imprisoned for making death threats against numerous people, including Prime Minister Erna Solberg.
Mr. Ahmad has also praised the militants who attacked the offices of the French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo last year, killing 12 people, and in November the Italian authorities named him in a multinational terrorism investigation.
Fifteen people in four countries were arrested as part of that investigation, which focused on Rawti Shax, a group that Mr. Ahmad is accused of leading and that grew out of Ansar al-Islam, a terrorist network with ties to Al Qaeda. Rawti Shax plotted to overthrow the Kurdish government in northern Iraq and to recruit militants to fight in Iraq and Syria, officials said.
On Wednesday, the Oslo District Court ruled that there were no legal obstacles to extraditing Mr. Ahmad to Italy.
“It is the opinion of the Norwegian authorities that Krekar should not be in Norway,” Ms. Solberg, the prime minister, told the newspaper Aftenposten on Wednesday. “We have no need to have him here. But the extradition process is a legal one, not a political one.”
This was not the first time the Norwegian government tried to extradite Mr. Ahmad. In 2003, when Ms. Solberg was the minister for local government, responsible for the integration of immigrants, she began proceedings to return Mr. Ahmad to Iraq because he was considered a threat to national security. The extradition was blocked on human rights grounds, because Iraq has the death penalty.
In a phone interview on Wednesday, Brynjar Meling, Mr. Ahmad’s defense lawyer, said his client would appeal.
“Whether or not Italy might extradite my client to Iraq will be a vital question when we appeal this decision,” Mr. Meling said. He argued that Mr. Ahmad should instead be tried in Norway, where he also faces terrorism charges. The Norwegian authorities have said they would prefer to expel Mr. Ahmad.
Mr. Meling said that Mr. Ahmad had been in prison for making death threats against Ms. Solberg and three Kurdish men during the time the Italian authorities say he was directing Rawti Shax. After his release last year, Mr. Ahmad was closely monitored by the Norwegian Police Security Service, which is responsible for domestic security, Mr. Meling said.
In October, before the Italians announced their charges, Mr. Ahmad was again convicted in Norway of making death threats, and he has been in jail since.
“The government is boiling soup on the same old nail,” Mr. Meling said, using a Norwegian idiom for making something out of nothing.
Another Iraqi citizen in Norway, Kamil Jalal Fatah, also faces extradition to Italy under Wednesday’s ruling.
Both men have three days to appeal. Any appeal would go first to a regional court and then to the country’s Supreme Court. If those courts side with the district court, it is likely that Mr. Ahmad will be extradited, though the final decision will rest with the country’s Justice Ministry and the government. The justice minister, Anders Anundsen, said in an interview in November that he had “no second thoughts about extraditing a person who is not a citizen of Norway to Italy,” and described Mr. Krekar as “a threat to national security.”
Mr. Anundsen’s spokesman declined to comment on the case on Wednesday, saying he could not discuss an active legal proceeding.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A 1,109-carat uncut diamond offered in an unusual public auction is still waiting for a buyer.
Offered for sale at a public auction on Wednesday evening at Sotheby’s in London, the stone — believed to be the largest still-uncut diamond in the world — failed to sell when it did not meet the minimum reserve, a price that was not specified.
The bidding stopped at $61 million. A fee of about 12 percent, known as the buyer’s premium, would have been added to that price, which would have brought the total cost to about $68 million.
“If you divide it by 1,109 carats, it is about $62,000 a carat,” said Henri Barguirdjian, president and chief executive of Graff Diamonds. “That is a very high price for a rough diamond, so obviously the reserve was too high.”
The stone was discovered last fall in the Lucara mine in Botswana. Selling it at auction was an uncommon move; such stones are normally offered to a handful of sophisticated dealers.
The auction was a gamble for both Lucara and Sotheby’s on the desire among the ultra-wealthy for such a totem of luxury. Britain’s vote last week to leave the European Union may have affected the bidding interest.
Potential bidders had a chance to examine the stone in advance. Evidently they did not think that the diamond, which would probably have been cut into smaller stones, justified a higher price.
The record price for a rough stone was set in May, when Lucara sold an 813-carat diamond at a private auction for $63 million, or about $77,500 a carat.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shakespeare biography has long circled a set of tantalizing mysteries: Was he Protestant or secretly Catholic? Gay or straight? Loving toward his wife, or coldly dismissive?
That the man left no surviving letters or autobiographical testimony has hardly helped, ensuring that accounts of his life have often relied on “one halfpenny worth of fact to an intolerable deal of supposition,” as the scholar C. W. Scott-Giles once lamented.
Only a few scraps of new material relating to Shakespeare in his lifetime have surfaced over the past century. But now, a researcher has uncovered nearly a dozen previously unknown records that shed clearer light on another much-discussed side of the man: the social climber.
The documents, discovered by Heather Wolfe, the curator of manuscripts at the Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington, relate to a coat of arms that was granted to Shakespeare’s father in 1596, attesting to his and his son’s status as gentlemen.
Considered with previously known records, Ms. Wolfe argues, the documents suggest both how deeply invested Shakespeare was in gaining that recognition — a rarity for a man from the theater — and how directly he may have been drawn into colorful bureaucratic infighting that threatened to strip it away.
The new evidence “really helps us get a little bit closer to the man himself,” Ms. Wolfe said. “It shows him shaping himself and building his reputation in a very intentional way.”
James Shapiro, a Shakespeare scholar at Columbia University who has seen Ms. Wolfe’s research, said her discoveries help illuminate what mattered to Shakespeare. “It’s all about trying to figure out, what was he like?” Mr. Shapiro said. “Anytime we can substitute something solid for speculation, that’s significant.”
The new documents, Mr. Shapiro added, also come with a nice bonus: they clearly refute skeptics who continue to argue — to the deep exasperation of most scholars — that William Shakespeare of Stratford-upon-Avon was not actually the author of the works attributed to him.
“It’s always been clear that Shakespeare of Stratford and ‘Shakespeare the player’ were one and the same,” Mr. Shapiro said. “But if you hold the documents Heather has discovered together, that is the smoking gun.”
Ms. Wolfe’s discoveries began in the archives of the College of Arms in London, home to 10 heralds who are still charged with researching and granting coats of arms — arcane territory where many literary scholars might fear to tread.
“Looking through the minutiae of the College of Arms is, even for Shakespeare scholars, almost unbearable,” Mr. Shapiro said. “We really owe Heather a debt of gratitude for wading in.”
Ms. Wolfe said she began wondering if there wasn’t fresh material to find there when she looked through a book edited by Nigel Ramsay, a historian at University College London, with whom she curated an exhibition on heraldry at the Folger in 2014. On one page, she was startled by something she had never seen before: a sketch of the arms with the words “Shakespeare the player,” or actor, dated to around 1600.
A similar image with the same text — a copy dating from around 1700 — has long been known to Shakespeare scholars (as well as to authorship skeptics, who generally dismiss as unreliable any evidence dated after 1616, the year of Shakespeare’s death). But this earlier one, from the College of Arms, seemed to have gone unremarked on.
Ms. Wolfe started digging there and in other archives, and so far has gathered a dozen unknown or forgotten depictions of the arms in heraldic reference works called alphabets and ordinaries. “I just started finding them everywhere,” she said.
Scholars have long known that Shakespeare’s father, John, a businessman and justice of the peace in Stratford, had first made inquiries about a coat of arms around 1575. They have speculated that it was William who renewed the effort in 1596, on his father’s behalf.
The new depictions Ms. Wolfe has gathered are all from the 17th century. More than half associate the arms with “Shakespeare the player,” or with William, not John.
This material not only proves “that Shakespeare was Shakespeare,” as Ms. Wolfe wryly put it. It also, she argues, underlines the degree to which contemporaries saw the coat of arms as, in effect, being for William.
“It makes it abundantly clear that while Shakespeare was obtaining the arms on behalf of his father, it was really for his own status,” she said.
Mr. Shapiro said he agreed. “All evidence suggests this was not about the father,” he said, “but about how Shakespeare wanted to be seen.”
Alan H. Nelson, a retired professor at University of California, Berkeley, who has contributed to Shakespeare Documented, an online project curated by Ms. Wolfe, said he also found her case persuasive.
The new material, he added, “helps to confirm everything we know about the arc of Shakespeare’s career and the way he understood himself in the context of his society,” he said.
But not all of Shakespeare’s contemporaries took his newly minted status at face value. Ben Jonson mocked his arms in his 1598 play “Every Man Out of His Humour,” in which a country bumpkin is advised to purchase arms with the motto “Not without mustard,” a dig at Shakespeare’s motto “Not without right.” (Shakespeare’s arms were yellow.)
A more threatening attack came in 1602 from Ralph Brooke, a herald in the College of Arms who had long been at war with his archrival, William Dethick, who held the title Garter King of Arms. (At one point, Brooke reportedly warned Dethick, himself a notoriously violent man, that the Star Chamber would punish him by cutting off his ears.)
That year, Brooke, drew up for submission to the queen a list of 23 “mean persons” who had wrongfully been granted arms by Dethick, including “Shakespeare the player,” as Brooke put it disparagingly. (Shakespeare was not the only one given a lowly job description: a man derided by Brooke as a mere “bookbinder,” Ms. Wolfe noted, was actually master of the Stationers’ Company, the prestigious body that regulated the publishing industry.)
Among Dethick’s records, Ms. Wolfe found letters from outraged people whose arms had come under attack, as well as notes indicating that some had withdrawn their claims.
While no record of Shakespeare’s response survives, Ms. Wolfe argues that the others’ intense reactions suggest that he must have known about the controversy, and likely took action to defend his status.
Some whose letters survive lived outside London, she noted. “They couldn’t just approach Dethick, as Shakespeare could have.”
Shakespeare may have held onto his arms, but the glory didn’t last. His son, Hamnet, had died in 1596. His last direct descendant, a granddaughter named Elizabeth Barnard, died in 1670.
Ms. Wolfe said that a colleague at the Folger recently pointed out something she has not seen any scholar discuss: the wax seal on Elizabeth’s last will shows a fragment of the Shakespeare arms, just barely visible.
“She’s dying, she’s the last in the direct line, and the arms have faded,” Ms. Wolfe said. “It just seems touchingly symbolic.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

More than half of those who have tested positive for the Zika virus in New York City had traveled in recent months to the Dominican Republic, the city’s health department said on Wednesday, releasing data from its latest round of testing.
The results were a stark reminder that, as the summer travel season begins, many of the most popular destinations for New Yorkers in the Caribbean and Latin America pose a serious health risk, especially for pregnant women.
The new and more detailed data — which broke down cases by borough and by travel history — was issued in a health alert to doctors and health care providers across the city.
Dr. Mary T. Bassett, the city’s health commissioner, said that of the 233 people who have tested positive, 140 had reported recently arriving from the Dominican Republic.
After the Dominican Republic, the places most frequently visited by patients who tested positive for the virus were Puerto Rico, with 20 cases, and Guyana, the small South American nation, with 14.
Dr. Bassett said the results should not be used to stigmatize any group, but to raise awareness. “It won’t serve New Yorkers well if we create the impression that Zika is a Dominican problem or a Puerto Rico problem or a Guyana problem,” she said.
A vast majority of people who contract the virus, spread most commonly by mosquitoes, have no symptoms, and those who do become sick generally experience only mild illness. Pregnant women, however, face a different set of dangers.
Zika poses the greatest risk to a developing fetus, and has been linked to a number of birth defects, including microcephaly, a condition that causes children to be born with abnormally small heads and brain damage.
Various studies have found the risk that a baby will have microcephaly to be 1 percent to 29 percent.
In rare cases, the virus has been associated with Guillain-Barré syndrome, a disorder in which the body’s immune system attacks part of the peripheral nervous system, which can lead to paralysis, usually temporary. In New York City, two people who tested positive for Zika had Guillain-Barré. They have both since recovered, Dr. Bassett said.
There is also a growing concern about the risk of sexual transmission. While all the cases in the city are believed to be travel-related, at least two other cases in New York State are thought to be the result of sexual transmission, health officials said.
Under guidelines issued in February, all women who are pregnant or trying to become pregnant and who have also traveled to Zika-affected countries should be tested, even those with no symptoms.
During the first few months after the guidelines changed, however, many of the women considered most at risk were not being tested. Dr. Bassett said that once the city recognized the problem, health officials moved aggressively to inform communities with close ties to the affected areas.
“We are seeing the disparity close,” she said on Wednesday.
Several explanations have been offered for why such a large percentage of positive tests involve travel to the Dominican Republic, health officials said.
In recent years, Dominicans have overtaken Puerto Ricans as the largest Latino community in the city, with 747,473 Dominicans living in the five boroughs in 2013, compared with 719,444 Puerto Ricans, according to the most recent census data.
And as recent immigrants, Dominicans have a greater inclination to travel between their home country and New York than other immigrant groups do.
Dr. Bassett said that the numbers might also reflect better access to care, or information, in the Dominican community.
The city separated positive cases by borough for the first time. From Jan. 19 to June 24, 3,906 people were tested. Of the 233 who were found to have Zika, 95 were residents of the Bronx, 52 of Manhattan, 47 of Queens and 39 of Brooklyn.
Of these, 162 were female and 24 were pregnant at the time of the diagnosis. The patients ranged in age from 1 to 74, with a median age of 40.
As the summer travel season picks up, health officials fully expect the number of cases to increase, especially as the virus continues to spread swiftly in South America and the Caribbean.
There are hundreds of pregnant women with Zika in the Dominican Republic, and with each week hundreds of new cases are discovered. In Puerto Rico, the situation is just as dire.
“In the coming months, it’s possible that thousands of pregnant women in Puerto Rico could become infected,” Dr. Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said during a conference call in June.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Angry over a six-year cholera epidemic in Haiti traced to infected United Nations peacekeepers, 158 members of Congress asked Secretary of State John Kerry on Wednesday to pressure the United Nations for a more effective response, including reparations to victims.
By official estimates, the epidemic has killed roughly 10,000 people and sickened more than 800,000 in Haiti, the Western Hemisphere’s poorest country. Some research has suggested that the death toll could be far higher.
In a letter sent to Mr. Kerry by Representative John Conyers Jr., a Michigan Democrat who is the longest-serving House member, and Representative Mia Love, a Utah Republican, the lawmakers expressed exasperation with what they described as the United Nations’ failure to “comply with its legal and moral obligations to provide cholera victims with access to an effective remedy.”
The letter also chided the Obama administration for “the State Department’s failure to take more leadership in the diplomatic realm,” saying this could be perceived as a limited American commitment to “an accountable and credible U.N.”
While most of the signers were Democrats, the letter was extraordinary partly because of its bipartisanship in a climate of polarized politics in Washington.
Cholera, an infection that spreads through water contaminated by human waste, had been absent in Haiti for a century until the arrival of a United Nations peacekeeping force in 2010 after the country’s devastating earthquake. Medical studies have shown that the disease was reintroduced via infected members of the peacekeeping contingent and their faulty sanitation practices, which leached latrine sewage into the water supply.
While the United Nations has helped in the effort to combat the epidemic, it has not acknowledged any responsibility for causing it or provided a way for victims to seek compensation. It has also refused to recognize the validity of lawsuits by victims, arguing that diplomatic treaties insulate the United Nations from such actions.
Lawyers for the victims have filed at least three suits in the United States, the host country of the United Nations, which Justice Department lawyers have argued are invalid. But in March, a federal appeals panel in New York agreed to consider whether one of those lawsuits could proceed. The panel’s decision has not been announced.
In the meantime, cholera remains embedded in Haiti and appeared to worsen last year, killing roughly three dozen people a month.
“The U.N. continues to refuse to even discuss providing compensation for the losses incurred by those killed and sickened by the cholera it brought to Haiti, and there is no notable progress in its proclaimed efforts to provide the water and sanitation infrastructure necessary to control the cholera epidemic,” the congressional letter to Mr. Kerry said.
It urged the State Department “to immediately and unreservedly exercise its leadership to ensure that the United Nations take concrete steps to eliminate the cholera epidemic.”
John Kirby, the State Department spokesman, said, “We have received Representative Conyers’s letter and are currently preparing a response.”
A United Nations spokesman, Farhan Haq, said in an email that the organization was “committed to ensuring best environmental practices throughout all U.N. peace operations,” and that it took urgent action when risks were identified.
Mr. Haq also said that while the humanitarian response in Haiti was underfunded, “the United Nations is also doing its utmost to rally the resources necessary to support the government’s longer-term efforts to eliminate cholera and improve water and sanitation throughout the country.”
His statement did not address who was responsible for the epidemic or compensation for its victims.
Mr. Conyers said in a statement that the epidemic was “a darkening stain on the world’s conscience” and was damaging the United Nations’ credibility.
“The U.S. government cannot watch this crisis unfold from the sidelines,” he said. “We need to exercise our leadership to make sure that cholera is eliminated and that the U.N. provides due process and remedies to the victims.”
Ms. Love, citing the role of the United States as the largest financial supporter of the United Nations, said, “It is critical that we use our influence to ensure the U.N. takes responsibility for this outbreak and works to protect the people of Haiti.”
Advocates for cholera victims said they were encouraged by the letter, which they said sent a strong message.
“This letter is a remarkable showing of bipartisanship and consensus that the U.N.’s stonewalling on cholera accountability, and the U.S. government’s acquiescence to it, are unacceptable,” said Brian Concannon Jr., director of the Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti, a Boston-based legal advocacy group.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LITTLE FALLS, N.J. — In a private interview after a news conference in which only baseball-related questions were requested, Higinio Vélez was asked one that veered well outside the preapproved lines.
He did not scowl or storm off. He smiled and said, “That was a great question for the public, the one I was waiting for.”
Then Vélez, the president of the Cuban Baseball Federation and a former manager of Cuba’s national team, gave an answer that was as paradoxical as it was political.
The federation, he said, welcomes the thawing of Cuba’s relationship with the United States, hopes for more visits like the national team’s swing through the independent Can-Am League this month, and does not fear his country’s fertile developmental system will be infiltrated by Major League Baseball.
The Cuban players, he said through an interpreter, “are living their dream — they are in Cuba because they want to be there.” He added, “We don’t worry about them wanting to come here.”
He said that, even as the country’s best players continue to land in the United States, shedding government and federation constraints however they can.
At that moment, “here” was the Yogi Berra Museum and Learning Center, on the campus of Montclair State University, where a Monday news conference preceded a three-game series between the Cuban team and the New Jersey Jackals at the adjacent stadium, also named for Berra. In the opener, on Tuesday night, the Cubans won a rain-shortened seven-inning contest, 9-4, before a sparse crowd.
The Jackals series is the conclusion of a 19-game swing in which the Cubans have faced the six Can-Am League teams — three in Canada, where the tour was conceived, and three in northern New Jersey and Rockland County, N.Y.
Along the way, despite many Cuban pronouncements regarding the warmth and hospitality they have encountered, there has been evidence of old-world stubbornness, of the status quo, with a touch of tortured sportsmanship.
On Wednesday night, back at Berra Stadium, an international incident was avoided after the Cuban manager, Roger Machado, pulled his team off the field in protest of a grand slam hit down the left-field line by the Jackals’ Adam Martin. Although the ball appeared to be foul, the umpires reversed the call without the benefit of a replay.
The Jackals won anyway, 3-1, with the Cubans left furious by a close call at first base on the last out. The good-will tour will end, perhaps mercifully, on Thursday night.
While the Cubans — who said they had brought about half their front-line national team players — were losing seven of 10 games in Canada before reeling off seven straight victories south of the border, the star infielder Yulieski Gourriel, 32, was auditioning for major league clubs, having defected in February.
And during a shopping trip last week after a series in New Jersey against the Sussex County Miners, Lázaro Ramirez, a 24-year-old outfielder, slipped away from the Cuban team. He had not returned.
The apparent defection led to a tense weekend in Rockland County, where the Cuban players snubbed Orlando Hernandez, the Cuban pitcher with the high leg kick whose harrowing 1997 exit by boat led to a flamboyantly productive run with the Yankees.
“No one say hi to me; no one shake my hand,” a deflated Hernandez told reporters after throwing out the first pitch to the former Yankees catcher John Flaherty, who is now a limited partner of the Rockland Boulders.
The team had invited Hernandez, known as El Duque, to kick off the weekend series on Friday night, with 75-year-old Luis Tiant, a Cuban legend and Hernandez’s stylistic ancestor, tapped for the Sunday series closer.
Shawn Reilly, the Boulders’ executive vice president and general manager, said Cuban officials had expressed their displeasure over Hernandez’s presence, especially because the game was being televised by ESPN Deportes.
“They sat down in my office and were adamant that El Duque’s first pitch was not to be broadcast back to Cuba,” Reilly said. He added that while the weekend was a box office success and “we’d love to play them again,” it was “a headache, high maintenance.”
The Boulders, Reilly said, had to pick up the costs for heightened security after Ramirez’s disappearance. The Cubans’ per diem demands were much higher than Can-Am League norms. And in contrast to the relaxed conventions of independent baseball, the Cuban players were marched from one place to the next by delegation officials, with little time for mixing with fans, many of whom, Reilly said, were Cubans.
When the Cuban team arrived in New Jersey on Monday, a trip to Union City, long identified with Cuban-Americans, was canceled because of security concerns. The Cuban team also rejected a planned boat tour around Manhattan before later agreeing to go.
Michel Laplante, the president of the Can-Am League’s Quebec Capitales, who provided the inspiration for the Cuban tour, said it was wrong to interpret the national team’s behavior as standoffish. Across the political and cultural divide, from his Canadian perspective, it seemed more complicated than that.
“When you sit down with them and they explain their position, sometimes you’ll say, oh, that makes sense,” Laplante said.
For instance, there was a brief uproar in Cuba when the team lost three of four games in Quebec City. There was little tolerance back home for news of tourist events by the Cuban team when competitive national pride was at stake.
Laplante, who spent most of a nine-year minor league career in the Pittsburgh Pirates’ organization, forged a relationship with the Cuban federation several years ago, shepherding a group of Canadian boys to the island to learn the game in a less-pampered environment. He approached the Cubans with a more radical idea in 2014, telling them, “I am the president of a team in Quebec City — why not send someone to play for us?”
Soon after, Yuniesky Gourriel, the older and less talented brother of the most recent star defector, became the first Cuban ballplayer in more than half a century to play professionally in North America with the Cuban government’s permission.
Three more Cubans arrived in Quebec City last season. Heriberto Suárez, Cuba’s baseball commissioner, told The Globe and Mail, a Canadian newspaper, “We have set a precedent with the contracts we have done.”
Was he suggesting that Cuba might soon allow its players free movement to the United States? There was no way to know, but that would end the stream of embarrassing defections that have resulted — both countries agree — in potentially dangerous human trafficking.
From the Cuban perspective, Laplante said, there is also a belief that many of the country’s players are promised eventual riches — “Yoenis Cespedes money,” he said — that they will never earn when they wind up maxing out in the minor leagues.
A Cuban defection was nothing new for Reilly, of the Boulders, who was with the Niagara Falls Rapids in 1993 when the team hosted the baseball tournament for the World University Games in Buffalo. “One of their players climbed over a fence, got into a car, and that was that,” he said.
The player was Rey Ordonez, who signed with the Mets. Twenty years later, Ordonez returned to Cuba to a hero’s welcome, which made the recent treatment of Hernandez all the more bewildering to Reilly, who thought he had scored a promotional coup.
When he picked up Tiant at the airport for Sunday’s game, Reilly mentioned what had happened with Hernandez. Tiant, who did not have to defect to sign with Cleveland in 1961, was treated royally by the Cubans when Reilly took him to their clubhouse. He told Reilly that there often were ulterior motives with the Cubans, hidden agendas.
“They don’t want to open it up,” Reilly said Tiant told him, suggesting that the federation officials did fear becoming another Dominican Republic, where major league teams mine talent with their own in-country academies.
Concurring on this point was Roberto González Echevarría, an expert in Latino literature and culture, a Yale professor and a keen observer of his native Cuba’s baseball program. Since the Can-Am League tour began, he has been scouring Cuban blogs, trying to figure out why the federation agreed to compete in a league that is considered on a par with high-level Class A ball.
On Monday, Suárez, the Cuba commissioner, said the national team had no major tournament this summer and desired an international trip before next spring’s World Baseball Classic. Echevarría, a longtime critic of the Cuban government, was not convinced.
“Maybe it’s to keep the players happy because they are not really getting paid,” he said. “To me, it shows there’s a great deal of confusion, even dissension, within the Cuban baseball establishment because the opening with the U.S. is really going to affect it to the core.”
While Cuban government detractors hope that the country’s baseball federation will ultimately have to accept the tide of change, and that Cuban defectors might eventually play for their country in the World Baseball Classic, Vélez’s immediate plan — more good-will barnstorming — sounded much less ambitious.
“It’s an issue with the government,” he said. “If it were up to me, we’d be here, traveling every weekend.”
Asked about Ramirez and more potential defections, he said, “If we were afraid of that at all, we wouldn’t even be here.”
One Cuban player spoke at Monday’s news conference: Yorbi Borroto, the team captain, a talented shortstop some think could someday play in the majors. Asked about the Cubans who have struck it rich in America, he said, “They all come from the same school of hard knocks, from the same plan.”
He claimed not to have much information on how they were doing (or how much they were earning), but he wished them long careers. His personal ambition was simply to continue “traveling and playing with other countries,” he said. The plan was vague enough that the two Cuban officials standing nearby, Vélez and Suárez, could listen in, and approve.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

European officials are expected to approve a new agreement with the United States aimed at helping companies like General Electric and Google, among others, move online data between the two regions despite concerns about how the digital information of Europeans may be retrieved by the American government.
The decision, according to a draft of the agreement obtained by The New York Times, is based on renewed assurances by United States officials that Europeans’ data will be sufficiently protected when it is transferred outside the 28-member bloc.
Many of Europe’s national privacy regulators had raised concerns that the new agreement, known as the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield, did not go far enough to protect Europeans’ fundamental rights. They said the bulk collection of Europeans’ data by United States and European intelligence agencies failed to comply with the region’s data protection rules
But in the lengthy document, with several letters from American officials, including new explanations of United States privacy safeguards by Robert Litt, general counsel of the United States Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the European Commission said it was satisfied that Europeans’ data would not be unfairly used or retrieved by American intelligence agencies.
The draft document still requires approval from Europe’s member states, which are expected to meet as early as next Monday to approve the data transfer pact. The final agreement, though, may be postponed until the week of July 11, when Penny Pritzker, the United States commerce secretary, who helped to negotiate the Privacy Shield, is expected to visit Brussels.
“This new framework for trans-Atlantic data flows protects the fundamental rights of Europeans and ensures legal certainty for businesses,” Christian Wigand, a European Commission spokesman, said in a statement. “We are now in the process toward formal adoption.”
A representative for the Commerce Department was not immediately available to comment.
The completion of the new trans-Atlantic data agreement would put an end to months of wrangling between American and European policy makers over how the world’s largest companies transfer digital information about people’s social media posts and online search queries, among other data, across the Atlantic.
Europe’s highest court ruled last October that a previous agreement did not sufficiently protect Europeans’ privacy rights, which are viewed on par with other fundamental rights like freedom of speech.
European officials forced their American counterparts to offer Europeans more control over how their data was collected when transferred to the United States. A new position, called the Privacy Shield Ombudsman, also was created in the State Department to review European data protection complaints.
In the draft agreement, the European Commission said it had been reassured that this position would remain independent of American intelligence agencies and that United States officials had offered further commitments to limit the bulk collection of Europeans’ online data.
“On the basis of all the above, the commission concludes that the United States ensures effective legal protection against interferences by its intelligence authorities with the fundamental rights of the persons whose data are transferred from the Union to the United States under the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield,” the document said.
The agreement may be short-lived. Many national regulators remain concerned about how it will be put into effect, and several data protection campaigners have said they will probably file legal cases against the new pact. These legal challenges, expert say, are likely to be heard by the European Court of Justice, the region’s highest court.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Being on the lower end of the wage scale can mean paying much more for car insurance, even for good drivers.
Factors like renting rather than owning a home, holding just a high school diploma and working an hourly wage job can mean substantially higher costs for car insurance, according to a new analysis of online auto insurance quotes by the Consumer Federation of America.
Insurers don’t explicitly use income as a factor in setting rates, but companies often consider social and economic factors like education and occupation that serve as surrogates for income, J. Robert Hunter, the federation’s director of insurance, said in a phone interview with reporters this week to discuss the findings.
As a result, he said, a blue-collar worker with a clean driving record pays an average of 59 percent more, or $681 a year, than a white-collar worker with a similar record. In some markets, the federation’s analysis found, the difference in rates is even larger.
“The current situation for low-income drivers is intolerable,” Mr. Hunter said.
The study sought online quotes for basic liability insurance for four hypothetical drivers in 15 cities from the websites of five major insurers: Geico, Progressive, Allstate, Farmers and State Farm. (Liability insurance, which covers drivers if they cause damage to other cars and people, is required by all states except New Hampshire.) The study sought quotes for both a male and a female driver who were married, held master’s degrees and who worked white-collar jobs. (The man was assigned the job of a manufacturing executive, while the woman was a bank executive.) Each owned a car and carried insurance during the previous six months.
Then, keeping constant information like the applicant’s driving record, address and ZIP code (the same address was used in each city), the study sought quotes for drivers who were single, held high-school diplomas and rented their homes. (The man’s occupation was changed to a factory worker and the woman’s was changed to bank teller.) The researchers also indicated that the hypothetical applicants had not owned a car for the previous six months, and so they had not carried car insurance.
The analysis found that the average premium for all drivers with indicators of high socioeconomic status was just over $1,140, while the average quote for the low-economic-status drivers was $1,825.
Two insurers, Geico and Progressive, charged the largest average percentage increases to lower economic status drivers: Geico charged a 92 percent increase and Progressive, 80 percent. Allstate and Farmers charged the largest average dollar increase; Allstate’s was $915 and Farmers was $900.
State Farm charged smaller average increases: 13 percent, or $217 a year.
The largest increases because of the change in socioeconomic data occurred in Atlanta; Boston; Houston; Jacksonville, Fla.; Jersey City; Minneapolis, and the borough of Queens in New York City. All averaged more than $700 a year.
In some cases, the online system declined to give a quote to the low-status driver, the analysis found. Or it offered a quote — but from the insurer’s high-risk affiliate, which generally handles customers with blemished driving records.
David Snyder, vice president of policy development and research at the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America, an industry group, said the federation’s study distorted the way auto insurance works for consumers. All factors used in setting rates are “proven to increase the accuracy” of predicting the likelihood of a loss, he said, so that riskier drivers pay more. “Insurance companies rate on the basis of risk,” he said, “subject to insurance regulatory approval.”
Mr. Snyder said the association would prefer to focus attention on reducing risky behavior, like distracted driving, that is causing a sharp rise in severe traffic accidents and driving up insurance costs.
The consumer federation is urging state legislators to adopt rules that would force insurers to emphasize driving-related factors, like tickets and accidents, when setting premiums.
Here are some questions and answers about auto insurance:
How can I get the best rate on car insurance?
Mr. Hunter advises consumers to get quotes from different companies, since rates can vary markedly from one insurer to another. In Minneapolis, for example, the quote from State Farm for a “low economic status” male driver was $994 a year, compared with $3,626 from Farmers. Make sure you are dealing with the insurer’s “standard” insurance division, he said, and not its high-risk affiliate. With the high-risk division, he said, “If you’re a good driver, you’ll pay too much.”
But Birny Birnbaum, executive director of the Center for Economic Justice, said there were limits to the benefits of shopping around. It is often difficult for consumers to obtain information to help evaluate which insurer offer is best overall. Mr. Birnbaum said most states offered limited data about how quickly insurers resolve claims or on the proportion of claims that end up in litigation. State insurance regulators, he said, must become more assertive in collecting such information. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners offers some complaint data on its website, as well as links to state insurance websites.
Q. Do insurers offer any discounts?
The Insurance Information Institute, an industry group, recommends asking about discounts available for having multiple lines of insurance with the same company (like auto and homeowner’s), for driving limited distances or for taking a safe driving course. Members of the military also may be eligible for discounts.
It’s also possible to lower your premium by raising your deductible — the amount you will owe out of pocket for a claim — or dropping some kinds of coverage from an older car.
Where can I find information about shopping for auto insurance?
The National Association of Insurance Commissioners, representing state insurance regulators, offers a consumer guide on its website.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As Earth rotates in the summer, fireflies whisper sweet nothings to each other in the most beautiful language never heard. For millions of years the insects have called to one another secretly, using flashes of light like a romantic morse code. With some rather simple technology — a light and a battery — scientists have been decoding their love notes for years. But recently I learned that you don’t have to be an entomologist to try to talk to fireflies.
About 2,000 known species of fireflies inhabit temperate and tropical forests around the world. All of them, as larvae, produce bioluminescent light through a chemical reaction inside their abdomens. But only some continue to flash as grown-up beetles that we know as fireflies. Most species developed their own flash pattern, or language, that they use to attract potential mates, warn predators about their toxicity, advertise a nutritious dowry, or, for some cannibalistic fireflies called femme fatales, mimic other firefly species and lure them in for dinner. A couple of species even flash in synchrony.
Two weeks ago, I took a new gadget with me to North Carolina and attempted a heart-to-heart with a firefly. I wanted to test out the Firefly Communicator, which was developed by Joey Stein, a nature enthusiast and technologist. The device is a hand-held, battery-operated, plastic thing-a-ma-jig with two buttons that control an LED light. By design, it looks a lot like a lightning bug. Scientists have been using contraptions of their own making to attract fireflies, identify their sex and species, and learn about their flash patterns for years. But this one, and the app that allows you to program it with your smartphone, requires far less background knowledge.
I went looking for a bioluminescent connection down by a river at the edge of a forest on a warm, humid evening, just as the sun was setting. Within minutes, thousands of fireflies arrived and began performing a silent symphony of light that twinkled from the grass to the tree line. It was time for romance.
Given this was my first time as a firefly, I kept it simple. When I saw a flash I chose between a “freestyle button” to copy a presumably male species, or another preprogrammed button to respond as a female Photinus pyralis, the most common species of firefly in North America.
I first looked for any flash moving around, then hit the automatic female button to flash back a sweet “hello.” In the wild, females are selective, meaning they get their pick of the males, so they stay stationary. I did, too. I didn’t have to worry about my timing, because the button was programmed to wait the species’ specific amount of time, about two seconds, before blinking back. I hit the button again when I saw another flash and watched as the bug approached. It landed on my sister, who was standing beside me, and started crawling around on her neck, flashing hysterically.
I’d caught a sex-starved male, said Fredric Vencl, an evolutionary biologist who studies fireflies at Stony Brook University and consulted with Mr. Stein. “Imagine flying around in the middle of the night looking for sex, and all you need is a response to your pattern that has the correct timing features,” he said. “He just thinks he’s hit the jackpot.”
But when I tried to attract a female, it wasn’t as easy. According to Dr. Vencl, male fireflies are generally more mobile and have somewhat fancier flash patterns. To mimic a male, I walked briskly through the yard, using the freestyle button to copy what I presumed was a male, flashing five times in a row. I looked around for single flashes near the grass and approached them. “Hey ladies. Hey ladies,” I flashed back, but my presumed female flew away.
“The key to speaking firefly,” Kathrin Stanger-Hall, who studies firefly signals at the University of Georgia, wrote in an email, “is to find out the right time interval,” between male flashes and the female response.
Perhaps I did something wrong — males tend to dim their lights as they draw closer to females as a caution against the predatorial femme fatales, so the theory goes. Perhaps I gave my true identity away when I didn’t dim my light, or miscalculated the timing between flashes.
I turned off a few more fireflies that night, and went home alone. But at least I tried.
To test out your own firefly conversation skills, take a walk at twilight, preferably after a thunderstorm, just about anywhere in North America (except the West Coast where only the larvae light up). Even New Yorkers can find them. If you don’t want to buy a Firefly Communicator, you can make like a biologist and try to build your own by attaching an LED light to a battery and clicking it on and off. (Dr. Stanger-Hall said one of the greatest firefly hunters, James Lloyd, fishes for them: He dangles light diodes from fishing rods wired to a push button.)
Mr. Stein will be demonstrating his device on July 9 at the Duke Farms annual firefly festival in New Jersey, which attracts thousands of visitors each year and starts July 8. Other festivals take place across the United States during this week and through July and August. You can find them on Firefly Watch’s website.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PARIS — On the Sunday that France bested Ireland to advance to the quarterfinals, the men’s fashion shows were winding down, but soccer’s European Championships were ramping up. It was a bright and breezy afternoon, a happy respite from days of stifling heat, and a gang of male models was settling down in front of an outdoor screen at Au Grand Turenne, a bar in the Marais, to watch the Germany-Slovakia match.
They had come from all over Europe — the assembled crew represented Germany, Poland, England and France — to walk the runways or haunt the showrooms in Paris. They had spent the week (and some the week before that, in Milan, and before that, in London) hopping from casting audition to fitting, fitting to show, show to showroom. In between, when they could, they caught the games.
France is the host country for the 2016 UEFA European Championships, and the games and men’s fashion week collided in Paris. Soccer fans on their way to the Wales-Northern Ireland game on Saturday found themselves sharing a Métro train car with fashion fans heading for the Dior Homme show. The two groups arrived at the same stop in the 16th Arrondissement, eyeing each other with wary amusement — the green-haired and the pochette-clutching — before going their separate directions. (Victor: Wales.)
The young men who had gathered at Au Grand Turenne were brothers in arms of Tomorrow Is Another Day, a modeling agency based in Cologne, Germany. Some were veterans; others were in their first season. Timi Babasola-Are, 19, of London, who appeared in shows including Wales Bonner in London and Christian Dada in Paris, had been scouted buying a Tube ticket in the Stratford station.
“I was surprised, surprised as hell,” he said. “I don’t think of myself as a model.”
He was in Paris for the first time.
“It’s nice — a nice little holiday is all,” Mr. Babasola-Are said. “I haven’t got too much work, so with all the walking around, you still get to see things. I saw the Eiffel Tower. And some football.”
Even for those not especially interested, the soccer had been hard to ignore. The streets filled regularly with screaming fans, most ear-splittingly when France overcame Ireland earlier that afternoon. Revelry has been unavoidable and has made fans of the usually apathetic. At the very least, it makes for a break from the pressures of the fashion week grind.
“Everyone in the hotel’s been watching it,” said Gaby Sahhar, 23, a Londoner with a shaved head and an alien look that earned him appearances at shows including Hood by Air and Palm Angels in Paris. “To be fair, I feel like this week has made me a big fan, just because it’s been on. I’ve become hooked on it. In a weird way, I know what’s going on — with the cheering in the street, you kind of have to know what’s going on. You become part of it.”
Morgan Doughty, 20, of Cornwall, England, who’d just come from the Paul Smith show, added, “You learn what’s going on by who’s happy.”
Within minutes, the Germans at the table were happy when the defender Jérôme Boateng scored the first goal. Benno Bulang, 18, from Dresden, who appeared on the runway for Prada in Milan, and Balenciaga, Valentino and Louis Vuitton in Paris, looked especially pleased. Mr. Boateng, who is black, has been a major force on the German team; it was a teachable victory for a touchy moment in European history.
“He was criticized in Germany by some racists; because of the refugee crisis, we have a massive growth of radical parties,” Mr. Bulang told a fellow model, Amin Djoneidi, 18, from outside Paris. “One of these members was saying it’s not O.K. that a black guy plays for the German team.”
He recalled an earlier game saved by Mr. Boateng. “If he wouldn’t have been there, they would have lost,” he said. “It’s changing the minds.”
“In France, it’s the same,” replied Mr. Djoneidi, who had friendly wagers on every game, and paused from time to time to banter with the Parisian locals at Au Grand Turenne. (At one point, a few Parisians serenaded him with a drinking song that translated to, “Amin, buy us a round!”) He had faded tricolor flags painted on his wrist and hand from the French game earlier in the day.
Mr. Bulang explained that he preferred to play soccer than to watch it, though his real sport is Hacky Sack.
“I’m a Hacky Sack master,” he told Mr. Djoneidi. “I lost it in Milan, or I would show you.”
Mr. Djoneidi looked confused, and a French translation of “Hacky Sack” being unavailable, the two returned to the screen.
Rabid enthusiasm for the game was shared by only a few of the models present. Lukas Marschall, 18, of Berlin, was watching quietly and intently as the others bantered among themselves. With the score at 2-0 for Germany, he predicted a German win and possibly a showdown with Spain or Italy. (Germany did win, 3-0.)
Mr. Marschall had spent the week in the Paris showroom of the designer Stephan Schneider, where he checked updates on his phone between looks.
“The designer said to me if I wanted to leave earlier to watch the game, I can,” he said. “It’s quite nice.”
Sam Howard, 25, of London, is another devoted fan. Though he is a favorite of the American designer Rick Owens, who often uses Tomorrow Is Another Day to find the kind of grim-faced skulkers he prefers to cast, on Sunday he was wearing an Arsenal jersey.
“The Slovakian team could be Rick Owens models; they look really angry,” Mr. Howard said. “Genuinely, I’ve thought this before.”
But they all paled beside Jan Piasecki, 22, of Warsaw, who had watched every game, modeling obligations be damned. (His actual phrasing of this sentiment was somewhat more colorful.)
“I don’t care about castings and fittings,” he said gruffly. “I came here to watch matches. Football is my life. Without football, I couldn’t live.”
He predicted a Polish victory.
“We’re going to win this tournament,” he said, then referred to Poland’s next opponent and two of that team’s top players, Cristiano Ronaldo and Pepe. “We’re playing with Portugal next, and Ronaldo is garbage, Pepe is crazy.”
He had walked in shows for Dries Van Noten and 22/4 Hommes in Paris, a relatively light schedule.
“I told the agency,” he said. “I’m not doing the shows during football.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On a fund-raising swing to the West Coast last weekend, Bill Clinton had a casual dinner with Mark Cuban, the outspoken businessman and TV star who has inserted himself into the 2016 campaign, criticizing Donald J. Trump and even offering himself as a potential vice-presidential candidate for Hillary Clinton.
The dinner took place at the Los Angeles home of Michael Kives, a Hollywood agent and a top bundler for Mrs. Clinton, and comes amid one of the more unusual political courtships unfolding in the 2016 campaign.
Mr. Cuban, the often-fined owner of the Dallas Mavericks basketball team for his outlandish comments and berating of N.B.A. officials, and a star of ABC’s “Shark Tank,” had previously said he planned to sit down with Mrs. Clinton.
In the meantime, he enjoyed an extended conversation about politics, business and philanthropy with the former president, said three people with firsthand knowledge of the gathering who could not discuss a private event for attribution.
An aide said Mr. Clinton regularly tacks on social events with friends while traveling the country to help his wife’s campaign. The small but eclectic dinner party in Los Angeles also included the musician Stevie Wonder: the actors Bryan Cranston and Ted Danson; John Dauer, the vocalist in the band The Ruse and a friend of Chelsea Clinton; and Gene Sperling, an economic adviser to both Mr. Clinton and President Obama.
Mr. Clinton has known Mr. Cuban for several years. The billionaire has attended Clinton Global Initiative conferences, watched basketball with the 42nd president, and spoke at a Clinton Foundation-related event in Dallas last year that also featured former President George W. Bush.
While the dinner was not a fund-raiser, it did further immerse Mr. Cuban, whose incendiary statements and pro-business positions could turn off some Democrats, in the inner circle of Mrs. Clinton’s West Coast supporters, should he decide to give to the Clinton campaign or “super PAC” supporting such efforts.
Mr. Cuban did not immediately respond to an email requesting comment. A spokesman for Mr. Clinton declined to comment.
Last month, Mr. Cuban told NBC’s “Meet the Press” he would “absolutely” entertain the idea of being Mrs. Clinton’s running mate, but that “she would have to go more to the center.”
Asked about Mr. Cuban’s comments, Mrs. Clinton said, “I appreciate his openness to it,” adding: “I think we should look widely and broadly. It’s not just people in elective office. It is successful business people.”
While a Clinton-Cuban ticket is extremely unlikely, and there is no sign the businessman is being vetted in Mrs. Clinton’s running-mate search, the banter has put Mr. Cuban in the position of being an outspoken TV personality and billionaire who could potentially be a useful weapon against a Republican nominee with a similar résumé.
Mr. Cuban has grown increasingly critical of Mr. Trump. The #NeverTrump movement had tried to get Mr. Cuban to consider a third-party run, but last month he told MSNBC, “There’s not enough time and it just wouldn’t work.”
He did credit Mr. Trump for opening up a pathway for nontraditional candidates. “You don’t have to be the perfect Stepford candidate like you would’ve been in the past,” Mr. Cuban said.
As Mrs. Clinton seeks to appeal to the liberal wing of the Democratic Party and voters who supported Senator Bernie Sanders, her campaign is simultaneously, and delicately, seeking the endorsements of Republican and Republican-leaning business leaders. Mr. Cuban has said he would like to vote Republican on fiscal issues and a smaller government, but disagrees with the party on most social issues.
Last week, just before Mrs. Clinton delivered a populist economic pitch alongside Senator Elizabeth Warren, her campaign released a list of business leaders, including several Republicans, who had endorsed her, including Daniel F. Akerson, the former chairman and chief executive of General Motors, and Richard Anderson, the Delta Air Lines executive.
On Friday, Henry M. Paulson Jr., the treasury secretary under Mr. Bush during the 2008 financial crisis and a former Goldman Sachs chief executive, expressed his support for Mrs. Clinton. In The Washington Post, Mr. Paulson wrote that a Trump presidency would be “unthinkable.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LONDON — He kept his cool as foul-mouthed hooligans taunted him on a crowded tram in Manchester, England, one of them demanding that he “get back to Africa.” He became the face of the resolve shown by migrants who have endured xenophobic insults in the tense days since Britain voted last week to leave the European Union. A local newspaper praised him as “SuperJuan.”
Juan Jasso, the victim of a racist tirade that was captured on video and drew international attention on social media, is not of African, Middle Eastern or Eastern European origin — the ancestry of many migrants who have faced recent hostility. He is a 38-year-old Mexican-American from Brownsville, Tex., who has lived in England for 18 years. And it turns out that he supports Britain’s withdrawal from the European bloc.
“I am not eligible to vote, but if done right, I think an exit could be positive,” Mr. Jasso said in a phone interview on Wednesday from The Manchester College, a vocational school where he teaches in the sports science department. “Now, the government has to abide by E.U. rules that may not be in Britain’s interest, and with an exit, they can take back control. Like any decision, you have people for and against. I would vote to leave.”
He added, “The xenophobia that has followed the attack hasn’t changed my view.” He stressed, however, that he was deeply concerned that the vote was being used as a pretext to attack immigrants.
Mr. Jasso’s newfound fame was only one small effect of a referendum that exposed profound divisions across Britain: cities versus countryside, pro-European Scotland and Northern Ireland versus euroskeptic England and Wales, young versus old, cosmopolitan elites versus the more traditionally minded.
His stance on “Brexit” is partly influenced by his background in the military, where, he said, the ideal of national sovereignty is drummed into young recruits.
His opinion may come as a surprise to the many Britons who have rallied around him to defend the country’s outward-looking traditions.
The anti-immigrant backlash has raised alarms at the highest levels of government and even elicited concerns from officials in Poland and the Czech Republic, the homelands of many recent migrants to Britain.
In Parliament on Wednesday, Prime Minister David Cameron announced “an action plan on tackling hate crime,” including new guidance for prosecutors on investigating crimes that appear to be racially motivated; new funding for “potentially vulnerable institutions” that serve migrants; and assistance for community groups to help them tackle hate crimes.
“We should do everything we can to safeguard Britain’s reputation as a multiethnic and multifaith democracy,” Mr. Cameron said. “Whatever we can do, we will do, to drive these appalling hate crimes out of our country.”
On Wednesday, the police said they had arrested a 41-year-old man in North London on suspicion of inciting racial hatred, citing “social media postings of an extreme right-wing, Islamophobic and anti-Semitic nature.”
On Monday, a man entered a halal butcher’s shop in Walsall, in the West Midlands of England, and ignited a bottle of accelerant, badly damaging it. The police said an employee had sustained bruises.
Over the weekend, a Polish cultural center in London was vandalized, and protesters unfurled a banner saying, “Rapefugees not welcome” at a mosque in Birmingham, England.
During the Brexit campaign, leaders of the “Leave” camp stoked fears over immigration, warning that an invasion of refugees threatened to undermine the country’s economy and security.
Perhaps no episode captured the disturbing rise in intolerance as much as the verbal abuse heaped on Mr. Jasso.
He was commuting to work about 7:45 a.m. on Tuesday when he noticed several youths swearing at the back of his tram. He walked toward them and asked them to watch their language — “since there were women and children on board,” he explained in the interview. They unleashed a stream of invective. One young man shouted, “Get back to Africa,” and “You’re not even from England.”
“I’ve been here longer than you have,” Mr. Jasso coolly replied.
As the young men eventually retreated after tossing beer on Mr. Jasso, at least one commuter came to his defense. “You are an absolute disgrace,” she said. “A disgrace to England.”
On Tuesday, the Greater Manchester Police arrested two men, 20 and 18, and a 16-year-old boy on suspicion of disturbing the peace.
Mr. Jasso said he was stunned that social media had transformed the abuse he faced into an emblem of intolerance. During his nearly two decades in Britain — including in Harrogate, Leeds, Eastbourne and Manchester — he said he had encountered racism only twice. (Once, he recalled, a man in Harrogate, a spa town in North Yorkshire, shouted at him, “Go back to India!”)
Mr. Jasso — whose parents, a security officer and a care worker, emigrated from Mexico to the United States — was a star athlete at his high school. After enlisting in the military at 18, he was stationed in Germany and Britain. He worked as a signals intelligence analyst for the Army and the National Security Agency. An avid rugby player, he said it took some self-control for him not to “kung fu” his tormentors.
He called the attack against him an “aberration” by a tiny group of troublemakers. “The people who attacked me probably had the same mentality before the Brexit vote,” he said. “My impression is that they were uneducated and ignorant.” He also said that Manchester was a multicultural and tolerant city, and that it was important to keep a sense of perspective.
“I was visibly upset that these kids had thrown beer on me, but I don’t think it should be exaggerated,” he said. “What happened is not the Britain I know and that I have come to call home.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A comedic drama about a young gay man yearning for love is the first new American play planned for the current Broadway season.
The producer Jeffrey Richards said he would bring the play, “Significant Other” by Joshua Harmon, to Broadway next winter, at a Shubert theater to be announced. He said the production, scheduled to begin performances in February and to open in March, would be directed by Trip Cullman, making his Broadway debut, and that “it is the intention of the producers to assemble the original cast,” which included Gideon Glick, Barbara Barrie and Lindsay Mendez.
The play had its premiere Off Broadway, under Mr. Cullman’s direction, at the Roundabout Theater Company in spring 2015, when The New York Times critic Charles Isherwood called it “entirely delightful.”
Mr. Harmon, 33, is also the author of “Bad Jews,” which, after premiering at Roundabout Underground and then transferring to Roundabout’s larger Off Broadway stage, rapidly became one of the most-produced plays in the country. And Roundabout has been workshopping a third play it has commissioned from Mr. Harmon.
“Significant Other” would be the second Broadway play in a year written by an artist championed by Roundabout Underground, the nonprofit’s program for emerging artists. “The Humans,” which won the Tony Award for best new play this year, had a previous run at Roundabout, and that play’s author, Stephen Karam, first attracted notice with “Speech & Debate” at Roundabout Underground.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What is the cost of being labeled a systemically important financial institution? In the case of General Electric, the magic number looks to be about $50 billion.
The American industrial conglomerate, led by Jeffrey R. Immelt, officially shook off the designation on Wednesday that had been applied by the Financial Stability Oversight Council to its GE Capital finance unit. The market capitalization benefits of reduced financial significance have been accruing for some time.
The council, America’s top financial watchdog, made the designation three years ago, and the company decided to break the shackles in April last year. In what will go down as a swift exercise in dismantling a lending business, G.E. has jettisoned $200 billion of assets. It seems to have achieved the fire-sale pace while avoiding singeing shareholders with low prices.
Since G.E. announced its plans to offload almost all of GE Capital’s assets – it is keeping a few operations involved in financing big-ticket items like energy turbines – the company’s stock has added about $5.25 a share, or roughly $50 billion in overall market capitalization. G.E.’s stock is up more than 20 percent, but the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index has gone nowhere. Shares of United Technologies, with which G.E. competes in aerospace, are around 15 percent less valuable. There are other factors involved in G.E.’s performance, but escaping the “too big to fail” label is the biggest.
As G.E. has rebounded, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs have all lost more than 20 percent of their former value. Shedding the label would be harder for these institutions without breaking themselves up. But G.E.’s example offers 50 billion reasons their shareholders should do the arithmetic.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WASHINGTON — Just two days before Puerto Rico plans to default on a large debt payment, the Senate on Wednesday passed and sent to the White House a relief measure to help the financially desperate island surmount its fiscal crisis, ending a grueling, monthslong effort to rescue the commonwealth.
The Senate, eager to follow the House out of town for a long Fourth of July weekend, voted 68 to 30 for the legislation on Wednesday evening after a test vote that morning showed by a wide margin that critics in both parties did not have the numbers to block passage. President Obama will sign the measure, which his Treasury secretary, Jacob J. Lew, had negotiated and lobbied for since December.
“I could write a bill that I think would be a better bill, but I don’t know that anyone could write a better bill that would pass the Congress that also solves the problem,” Mr. Lew said in an interview.
The rescue package will not prevent Puerto Rico from missing the payment due on Friday on a $2 billion debt, and Republican congressional leaders labored to the end to reassure conservatives that the bill is not a bailout. Instead, the legislation would allow the island’s government to restructure its $72 billion total debt so it can manage payments, and create a bipartisan oversight board mostly of outsiders to guide what is sure to be a painful recovery process.
Crucially, given the imminent missed debt payment, the bill also would bar lawsuits by creditors for nonpayment retroactive to December — to provide Puerto Rico “the breathing room,” as Mr. Lew put it, for its government and the control board to restructure the crippling debt and devise a new budget plan.
The Senate majority leader, Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, opened the day’s debate by describing what he saw as the high stakes. “The U.S. territory of Puerto Rico is in crisis, it owes billions of dollars in debt, and it could be forced to leave residents without essential services like hospitals and public safety resources without prompt congressional action,” he said.
“This bill won’t cost the taxpayers a dime,” Mr. McConnell added. “What it will do is help Puerto Rico restructure its financial obligations and provide much-needed oversight to put into place reforms.”
Final Senate approval was thrown into some doubt in recent days because the House passed the bill last week and then left for its holiday. That meant that any changes the Senate made would force the bill’s return to the House, extending the legislative process and delaying action until House members return next week.
Yet a number of senators were demanding changes. Coal-state senators from Ohio and West Virginia wanted an unrelated amendment to protect coal miners’ pensions and health benefits, which are threatened by the industry’s economic travails.
Senator Robert Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey, opposed much of the Puerto Rico bill, and other Democrats found fault with various provisions. The seven-member oversight board, which at least initially will include four Republican and three Democratic appointees, was criticized as undemocratic for giving too little representation to the 3.5 million Puerto Rican-Americans. Senator Bernie Sanders, Democrat of Vermont, compared the board to “a colonial master” for the island.
Democrats also objected to Republican-sponsored provisions setting a lower minimum wage for young workers and limiting overtime pay on the island, attacking them as counterproductive to a stronger economy. The Senate voted down opponents’ motions against the bill.
If the Senate had failed to clear the measure for Mr. Obama’s signature, it would have been the second time in two days that crisis-related legislation was blocked in the polarized Congress. On Tuesday, Democrats blocked a House-passed measure to finance efforts against the Zika virus — another crisis facing Puerto Rico — because Republican congressional leaders had made changes to the bill in final negotiations, from which Democrats were excluded.
In the case of the Puerto Rico relief bill, the compromise was worked out between Republicans and the Obama administration, led by Mr. Lew. Yet, as the bill hung in the balance on Tuesday, both Mr. Lew and Puerto Rico’s governor, Alejandro García Padilla, lobbied senators to urge their support.
Mr. Lew said the bill’s loss would mean “descent into chaos.” Top Democratic leaders announced publicly late Tuesday that they would support the legislation.
On the final vote, dissenters included both liberal and conservative senators. What made the issue problematic in both parties was the deep unpopularity of perceived federal bailouts after the 2008 financial crisis, and the disconnect of most Americans from Puerto Ricans.
“I’ve been having town hall meetings in Oregon recently. No one has asked a question about Puerto Rico, and we have a very small population of Puerto Ricans,” said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the senior Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee. “But I also think that Congress has a responsibility to back American citizens. That’s what this is about, backing American citizens. And that’s important wherever they live.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In 1967, the Austrian artist Waltraud Hollinger jettisoned her family name and the last name her husband had given her and became Valie Export, a nom de guerre inspired by a popular brand of cigarettes. But late last week, at a hotel in the West Village where she was supposed to be staying, the front desk could find no record of a Valie Export having checked in.
Marieluise Hessel, the art collector and benefactor of the Hessel Museum of Art at Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, N.Y. — which has just opened a show built around Ms. Export’s highly influential work — stared worriedly into the screen on her phone. “I checked her Wikipedia page,” she said. “I asked under her maiden name and her married name. She must be somewhere else.”
But just then, Ms. Export, wearing a long translucent white jacket and fashionable tennis shoes, her hair dyed copper red, emerged from the elevator. Explaining her spectral existence, at least as far as hotel registers were concerned, she rolled her eyes. “I used to have Valie Export on my passport — for years,” she said. “Now I have to use my name with my second husband. Something about security, I guess. Can you believe it?”
The comedy of the situation was not lost on her. Ms. Export’s performances and films were among the most radical feminist statements in Europe in the 1960s and 1970s, and her work, through feminism, delved deeply into systems of control that have become omnipresent in the 21st century: surveillance, information as power, unseen political machinations.
“Lots of things have changed for the better since I was young — but some things haven’t changed so much,” said Ms. Export, 76, one of three daughters raised by a widowed mother in the city of Linz, where she became aware at an early age of the social stultification of postwar Austria and also, she said, “my own clear sense that something else was really not right, that boys were allowed to do so much more than girls.”
The things she did as an artist in her first years — under the heading of what she called “expanded cinema” — shocked even those who knew her well. In “Tap and Touch Cinema,” in 1968, she fashioned a small theater with curtains and wore it over her chest, inviting people in public to reach inside and touch her bare breasts — an act that remained unseen, experienced only by her and the participant, though the expression on her face and on the faces of those who took part formed its own street theater. In her best-known work, “Action Pants: Genital Panic,” she stalked around a Munich art-film theater in 1968, wearing a leather jacket and pants with the crotch cut out, challenging the audience to look at a “real woman” instead of just images of women.
The exhibition at Bard, “Invisible Adversaries,” is structured around Ms. Export’s 1977 feature film of the same name, a horror/sci-fi story of a woman who comes to believe that space aliens are taking over the minds of her fellow citizens, particularly men. The show’s curators, Tom Eccles, the executive director of the Center for Curatorial Studies at Bard, and Lauren Cornell, a curator at the New Museum, use the film’s paranoia to bring in work by generations of artists — some of them Ms. Export’s contemporaries, like Bruce Nauman and Ida Applebroog, but mostly younger artists, many of them women, for whom her work blew open doors: Lorna Simpson, K8 Hardy, Hito Steyerl, Trisha Donnelly and Emily Jacir, among others.
“Students and other artists are really drawn to her because of the courage and intensity of her work,” said Ms. Cornell, a self-described “Valie Export superfan” who felt that Ms. Export’s most important film and her performances were “really apt for our present moment.”
Ms. Export has never had the art-world presence of many of her peers, who were also pursuing boundary-busting, tough-to-take performance beginning in the 1960s: Chris Burden, who had himself shot and crucified; Carolee Schneemann, who pulled a scroll from her vagina in a performance; or Marina Abramovic, Ms. Export’s friend, who has transformed into a kind of pop star after years of provocative, physically grueling performance.
In part, this was because the commercial art world frustrated Ms. Export, who continues to live and work in Vienna and has spent little time in art circles in the United States. “My art is my identity,” she said during an interview over coffee, mostly in English, with Ms. Hessel and Ms. Hessel’s sister Christina Lockwood (both born and raised in Munich), present to handle the rare German phrase. “It’s my self and my consciousness and my children, and a gallery always takes more than it gives back. It’s not a very good system.”
Ms. Export (she prefers her name rendered in all capitals, like a brand) supported herself mostly by teaching, raising her daughter from her first marriage, who now lives in Los Angeles. (Her second husband died recently.) “Mostly, in my life, I have lived very poorly,” she said. “That’s how I got by.” She added: “I guess I have been a little jealous of some of the people from my time — that I lived in Vienna, and people just didn’t know me as well as the Americans.”
But that has been changing. The Museum of Modern Art acquired a large body of Ms. Export’s work in 2012, after organizing a film retrospective in 2007. Ms. Hessel’s collection at Bard has extensive holdings of her work, which Mr. Eccles said was almost criminally undervalued when Ms. Hessel began buying them.
“They were as cheap as hell, and you can quote me on it,” he said. “About a third of the cost of something made by a recent graduate from Columbia art school. And it’s still pretty true.” (Her prime photographic documentations tend to cost less than $50,000.) He added: “She’s a very modest, self-effacing person. She knows where she stands in the world, but she’s not a self-promoter. She’s not a performer in that sense.”
At a talk at Bard on Saturday, the standing-room-only crowd seemed a bit stunned, given Ms. Export’s aura of legend, by the presence of “a rather professorial, kindly elderly lady,” Mr. Eccles added. “I think people were expecting some fierce proto-Amazonian.”
In the interview, Ms. Export, winking and smiling coyly, said: “To be a legend — it’s really very difficult.” Reputation-wise, she said she was happiest that her hometown, Linz, had acquired her archive and planned to open a center devoted to her work. “It’s a kind of homecoming, I guess, for a daughter of the city that no one really ever knew what to do with.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As the television news business — the programs that report it and those that mock it — braces for the presidential conventions next month, one correspondent at “The Daily Show” has determined that this is as good a time as any to exit the series.
Jessica Williams, who has been an on-air personality at that Comedy Central news satire show since 2012, said on Wednesday that she would be departing the series after this week. When she was hired at “The Daily Show” during the tenure of then-host Jon Stewart, Ms. Williams, now 26, was its first black female correspondent. And when Mr. Stewart announced last year that he was stepping down from the show, some fans hoped that Ms. Williams would be in the running to replace him, though she herself nixed that suggestion, writing on Twitter that she was “extremely underqualified for the job.” (Mr. Stewart was succeeded by Trevor Noah.)
Ms. Williams said in an interview in Entertainment Weekly that she would focus on a scripted TV series she is working on for Comedy Central under a development deal there, adding, “I feel like I’m growing up and graduating.” She also continues to host “2 Dope Queens,” a comedy show and storytelling podcast, with Phoebe Robinson.
Comedy Central said in a post on its Twitter feed that it “couldn’t be more excited that Jessica remains in the Comedy Central family as we collaborate on her upcoming pilot.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When three suicide bombers attacked Istanbul’s main airport on Tuesday, killing at least 41 people, Turkey began a ritual that it has refined with so many recent bombings: looking for hints as to which of the country’s two major terrorism threats was responsible.
Over the past year, Turkey has endured at least 14 major terrorist attacks, killing more than 200 people. The Turkish government blamed the Islamic State for Tuesday’s, an assessment many analysts share. But while that group, also called ISIS and ISIL, has been accused in some of the attacks, others have been attributed to Kurdish groups.
These two threats are different in many important ways, and the Islamic State and the Kurds are themselves enemies. Even if their beginnings were separate, their violence has become part of a larger and overlapping set of problems, sharing roots in Syria’s civil war. What follows is a guide to these two threats, what they have to do with each other and what they don’t.
This conflict began in the 1980s, when a group called the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, or P.K.K., started an insurgency. Turkey had long oppressed its minority Kurds, even banning their language. The P.K.K. sought Kurdish independence, a goal later softened to political autonomy.
Geography is important here: Kurds live primarily in southeastern Turkey and in nearby parts of Syria, Iran and Iraq. They are an ethnic group distinct from both Turks and Arabs, but they largely observe the same Sunni Islam as their neighbors.
Turkey’s Kurdish conflict raged throughout much of the 1980s and 1990s, but cooled in the 2000s. In 2012 and 2013, Turkey and Kurdish groups negotiated a cease-fire.
But something else was happening at the same time: the civil war in Syria. That country also has a long-disadvantaged Kurdish minority, which exploited the chaos to carve out its own de facto ministate. Some Turkish Kurds crossed the border to help, making Syria’s now self-run Kurdish region both a haven and an inspiration.
When Turkey cracked down to stifle Turkish Kurds’ growing ambitions, it helped begin a cycle of violence that is worsening rapidly. Parts of southeastern Turkey resemble a war zone, with entire towns under siege by the Turkish military and police stations firebombed by Kurdish groups.
Elsewhere in Turkey, Kurdish groups have carried out bombings and other attacks, mainly against military targets, but sometimes hitting civilians. Earlier in June, a group called the Kurdistan Freedom Falcons claimed responsibility for a car bombing in Istanbul’s tourist district that killed 11 people.
When Syria’s popular uprising began in 2011, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, then Turkey’s prime minister, was one of the first foreign leaders who called on President Bashar al-Assad of Syria to step down. His government began sheltering anti-Assad rebel groups that year.
Turkey also tolerated the foreign fighters who crossed its territory en route to Syria, filling border towns with smugglers, fixers and a growing number of long-bearded men intent on joining a fight imbued with extremism.
As the Islamic State began coalescing in Syria and Iraq, Western governments pressured Turkey to crack down on these fighters. But the country was slow to comply, which many Western analysts and officials took as proof that Turkey was more concerned with helping to topple Mr. Assad.
“I think Turkey has other priorities and other interests,” James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence, said last year, when asked whether he thought Turkey would do more against ISIS.
Turkey has taken some steps against the group, such as allowing the United States to use its air bases to launch strikes in Syria and Iraq.
When the Islamic State began losing territory in 2015, it responded with terrorist attacks against its enemies abroad. That appears to have included Turkey, with attacks mainly targeting political rallies or foreign tourists.
Curiously, the normally publicity-hungry ISIS has rarely claimed credit for attacks in Turkey. Analysts disagree about why. Some suggest the group fears angering the Turkish government and setting off a broader crackdown on smuggling networks it relies upon. Others speculate that ISIS is hoping to create confusion that could sow political instability.
If these two threats both gained momentum through the Syrian war, they overlapped fully during one of that conflict’s most dramatic moments: the siege of Kobani, a Syrian Kurdish town on the border with Turkey’s own Kurdish region.
In 2014, as the Islamic State spread across Iraq and Syria, it arrived at the outskirts of Kobani. The group had massacred Yazidi civilians in Iraq, and Syrian Kurds feared they were next.
Though the United States launched airstrikes to help Syrian Kurds defend Kobani, Turkey refused to act in the crisis unfolding right on its border — and even closed a crossing as Kurdish civilians tried to flee.
For Turkish leaders, aiding Kobani risked strengthening Turkey’s own Kurdish insurgency. The Syrian Kurds defending Kobani, in Turkey’s view, were allies of the Turkish Kurds wreaking havoc in their own country. Why should Turkey help its enemy create a safe haven on its own border?
But if Turkey’s inaction was born of skepticism, many Kurds took it as proof that the country actively sought their destruction at the Islamic State’s hands.
Turkey and Kurdish groups emerged from Kobani, where the Islamic State eventually lost, seeing each other as even greater threats than before. The fighting between them has increased, including some militants’ use of terrorist attacks.
Kobani was also part of the beginning of the Islamic State’s territorial decline and its subsequent turn to international terrorism.
With no party strong enough to win Syria’s five-year-old war outright, all sides are taking international action to try to break the stalemate. That action often involves pressuring, cajoling, leveraging or outright attacking Turkey, which is central to the war both because it is so close and because of the assertive role it has taken in Syria since the conflict’s first months.
These parties include the Islamic State and Kurdish groups, but also Western-backed rebels, who rely on Turkish smuggling routes and the country’s policy allowing the United States to carry out airstrikes from its bases. And they include Mr. Assad, whose most powerful ally, Russia, set off a major geopolitical clash in November by sending warplanes over Turkey’s border with Syria, one of which Turkish forces shot down.
Turkey’s dual terrorism crises reflect the inescapable complexity of Syria. But they also reflect Turkey’s contradictory policy aims, of opposing both Mr. Assad and the Syrian Kurdish groups that have broken with him.
Or maybe it’s something simpler: a result, perhaps inevitable, of living next door to the most intractable violent conflict of the 21st century.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sara and Erin Foster know what you probably think of them.
They grew up in Los Angeles, the daughters of David Foster, a multi-Grammy-winning music producer who has worked with the likes of Whitney Houston and Celine Dion.
One of their former stepmothers, Linda Thompson (their father has had four wives), was previously married to Bruce Jenner (now Caitlyn), making them quasi-related to the Kardashians. Another former stepmother, Yolanda Hadid, just ended her run as a Real Housewife of Beverly Hills and is the mother of the models Gigi and Bella Hadid.
Sara, 35, is an actress-slash-model. Erin, 33, is an actress-slash-writer. Both are blond, well connected and attractive even by Hollywood standards.
All signs point to the Foster sisters being insufferable fame monsters. In fact, they are a sly comedic duo who play their worst possible selves on the VH1 sitcom “Barely Famous,” a mock reality show that lampoons reality shows, Los Angeles swag-bag culture and the celebutantes they might have been.
“They’re the girls that we could have turned into if we’d grown up the wrong way,” Erin said recently, scrunched next to her sister with a bowl of oatmeal at her house in Beverly Hills.
On the show, which began its second season this week, “Sara” is a D-list actress obsessed with furthering her brand with as little effort as possible. (“I’m now open to selling a piece of my soul.”)
“Erin” is the ostensibly normal one who just wants to find a nice boyfriend, when she isn’t desperately booty-calling James Franco. Both characters insist they would never stoop to reality TV (“This is a documentary”), even as Sara stages a paparazzi run-in at the gas station.
By now, reality-show parodies are nearly as inescapable as reality shows themselves, and “Barely Famous” owes a debt to comedies like “The Comeback” and “Curb Your Enthusiasm.” But what distinguishes this show is the vanishing distance between the real-life Fosters and the world they aim to ridicule.
They started developing the idea a few years ago. Erin had been a writer on the short-lived NBC sitcom “The New Normal,” and Sara had a recurring role on the rebooted “90210.” Their managers started getting calls from E! asking when they were going to do a reality show. “It was kind of this joke,” Erin said. “Everyone’s trying to get a reality show, and we’re just trying to avoid accidentally being on a reality show.”
Instead, they channeled the industry’s assumptions about them into a scripted comedy, drawn from their firsthand observations of Hollywood status-mongering.
In one episode, Sara name-drops herself at a Beverly Grove boutique, expecting a free Birkin bag, only to be denied moments before Kate Hudson swoops in and nabs one. “It happens every day, in some capacity,” Sara said, recalling how she and her husband, the tennis player Tommy Haas, once showed up at a favorite restaurant and were asked to sit at the bar. “Cut to five minutes later: Leo walks in with 10 of his friends without a reservation, and they just happened to have a table for 10.”
It may be hard to buy the Foster sisters as outsiders, but that is to some extent how they see themselves. “I always took myself really seriously in my 20s and needed everyone to know that I wasn’t a spoiled blond actress,” Erin said. (To which Sara, slipping into character, interjected, “Well, you weren’t blond growing up.”)
Their parents divorced when they were young, and they lived in Calabasas, Calif., with their mother, Rebecca Foster, mostly removed from their father’s industry connections.
They say there was never any parental pressure to become entertainers. Erin took piano lessons when she was 9, and after a recital, her father told her: “O.K., you can quit piano. You don’t have it.”
“We didn’t have parents who let us get away with anything,” Erin said. “We grew up here with privilege, and we never got a D.U.I., we never went to rehab, we never got pregnant.”
Sara laughed, and said: “It’s just so sad: ‘We turned out great! No D.U.I.!’”
Still, it’s not as if either of them bucked convention and became a potato farmer. (Their other full sister, Jordan Foster, works in fashion in New York.) Both went into the entertainment industry, and they now star on their own TV show, where the guest stars have included “friends” like Nicole Richie, Courteney Cox, Rachel Zoe and Jessica Alba, all playing themselves.
If it were up to them, their characters would have been even further removed from reality. Originally, they wanted to use fictional names. “It was a fight with the network,” Sara said. “We didn’t want to play ourselves.” The network note was probably wise: The fact that they play “Sara” and “Erin” gives the show an edginess it might not have otherwise, akin to Larry David playing a borderline sociopathic character named Larry David.
In a sign that their work, apart from their milieu, is gaining a following, the show’s second season features celebrity guests outside their social circle. Kate Upton reached out through her managers, because they “wanted her to show how funny she is,” Erin said. Chelsea Handler shot a cameo after running into Sara at a barbecue and mentioning that she was interested.
And they may have already snagged a guest star for Season 3.
“I ran into Jen Aniston at this birthday party a month ago,” Erin said, half-aware that most people’s stories don’t start like this. “I’d met her maybe twice. She was like: ‘When are you going to ask me to be on your show? I love making fun of myself.’”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WIMBLEDON, England — There was an extended roar from the collective heart and a standing ovation.
Honestly, less fuss has been made over some men when they won titles on Centre Court. But all this ado on Wednesday was reserved for the British qualifier Marcus Willis as he finally won a game in the second round against Roger Federer.
Disproportionate? It did not seem so as you sat there taking it all in under a closed roof that had not succeeded in blocking out any of the sunshine in Willis’s back story. And if the crowd was not in Federer’s corner for a change, it was because Willis was playing not just for them, but as one of them.
With a world ranking of 772, Willis, 25, was the closest thing this Wimbledon had to an Everyman, and he had come very close to quitting professional tennis this year. He has been supplementing his modest income by playing club team tennis in France and by giving tennis lessons to youngsters for 30 pounds an hour at an English yacht club.
But he has found both love and a fine patch of tennis form in the past few months, and he managed to reach the main draw at Wimbledon for the first time after getting through the imposing gantlet of prequalifying and qualifying.
On paper, this was one of the biggest mismatches at this stage of a Grand Slam tournament, and though Federer’s winning score of 6-0, 6-3, 6-4 would indicate that it was a mismatch on grass as well, it was full of engaging rallies, entertainment value and human interest.
“Not my standard Wednesday, that,” Willis said with a poorly suppressed grin. “Next Wednesday might be quite different. I have to check my diary and see who I’ve got on Wednesday, but it’s not playing Roger Federer on Centre Court.”
What made this Wednesday special was the way both of the participants approached it: Willis communicating his wide-eyed enthusiasm to the crowd; Federer striking just the right empathetic tone before, during and after the match.
“This story is gold,” Federer said after advancing to the third round. “I just hope the press respects his situation. It’s easy now to just use it, chew it up and then throw it all away. He’s got a life after this. He’s got a career after this. He definitely made the most of it. He enjoyed it. Must have been so much going on. It’s not been simple for him, as well, to handle it. But I thought he handled it great on the court. I wish him the best.”
There was quite a buildup to the match on BBC. There were feature pieces and interviews with Willis’s family, his girlfriend and his nascent fan club (the Will Bombs), which already has a Twitter account and which guaranteed big trouble for Federer, the seven-time Wimbledon champion who is seeded third this year.
Federer was one of those enjoying the coverage. “I watched it all, because it interested me, too,” he said. “I was fascinated by his run.”
Federer had already reached out to Willis before the match, congratulating him in the player restaurant after Willis’s first-round victory over Ricardas Berankis. That was Willis’s first tour-level match, and it made him the lowest-ranked British man to win a singles match at Wimbledon.
On Wednesday, Federer said, when it came time to walk out of the tunnel onto Centre Court, he gave Willis the choice of going first or second. Willis went out first and raised his right arm in triumph as he arrived in the closest thing tennis has to a temple. He then shook his head in something resembling disbelief all the way to his chair amid the loud applause.
The photos that soon appeared on the electronic scoreboard next to each player’s biography seemed like a fine reflection of the situation: Federer smiling subtly in his mug shot; Willis appearing on the verge of major laughter in his.
Federer, usually the crowd favorite worldwide, would get to keep playing the straight man when the match began, as Willis pumped up the fans, windmilling his arms and looking fully prepared to enjoy every minute, even if he did not win a game until he held serve at 0-1 in the second set.
“I did look up twice as I bounced the ball and saw Roger Federer and thought, ‘Oh, I haven’t seen this before,’” Willis said. “Yeah, it was surreal. Yeah, he got on me quick. I had to get used to it and play.”
A left-hander, he plays an unconventional style, often slicing forehands and favoring extreme changes in pace. He also has a deft touch around the net, which is traditionally Federer’s department. Some of the best play came with both men trying to find solutions in the forecourt. Willis made Federer lunge and leap plenty and even — with his probing lobs over Federer’s left shoulder — allowed him the chance to show off his too rarely used backhand smash.
But Willis won a few of those aerial duels, too.
“I can say I lobbed Roger Federer,” he answered when asked what memento he might take from the match.
Federer, at 34, is no longer at the summit of his art, but he is still a force to be reckoned with on grass. And for a man who has had to overcome knee surgery and back problems this season, Wednesday was a useful exercise.
“It was a great test for me, because Marcus played a lot of drops and lobs and slices, so my footwork had to be up to it,” Federer told the BBC.
His concentration had to be up to it, as well, because while this match often felt like an exhibition, it was not. Willis even had two break-point opportunities in the final two sets, both of which Federer swatted away.
At 4-4 in the third set, it even appeared that Willis might have a chance to extend his feel-extremely-good story into a fourth set.
“This is your time!” a fan called out from the crowd as Willis prepared to serve.
The fan was no oracle. All in a rush, Federer broke Willis at love and then served out the match, before delivering a hug and some more supportive words to Willis at the net.
Willis sat down wearily in his chair as the crowd rose to give him another ovation, and he was soon back on his feet to salute them in return.
As he walked off court alongside Federer, it was hard not to wonder if he would ever be back on this same historic patch of grass again. And if so, how?
A Wimbledon wild card in 2017 hardly seems out of the question. But then he was such a compelling qualifier, one to whom everyone, even Federer, could relate.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CLEVELAND — The city of Cleveland agreed Wednesday to allow protests closer to the site of the Republican National Convention next month, approving rule changes that increase the amount of space demonstrators can occupy and extend the amount of time that demonstrations will be permitted.
Thousands of protesters are expected in the city when the Republican Party holds its convention here from July 18-21. Groups opposed to the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump, and those supporting him, are planning big rallies. City officials cited security concerns in arguing for restrictions on the demonstrators.
The changes agreed to by city officials will most likely increase the visibility of the demonstrations and other activities along the city’s parade route, said Stephen David, a spokesman for the American Civil Liberties Union of Ohio, which sued the city over its original rules. The changes also extend the deadline to apply for permits to hold an event, Mr. David said.
A federal judge ruled last week that Cleveland’s original regulations for demonstrations and marches during the convention infringed on the right of free expression and ordered city officials and the A.C.L.U. to negotiate new rules.
The new rules, completed Wednesday by the Cleveland Board of Control, extend the parade route, which is the area where demonstrators are permitted to march. They allow protests to go through parts of downtown Cleveland to give some larger groups more time to demonstrate, he said.
“People will have more opportunities to be seen by delegates especially with the new parade route,” Mr. David said. “These regulations are a significant improvement from what we had seen before.”
Despite the rules changes, the demonstrators will not pass directly by the Quicken Loans Arena, which is where the nominating convention will take place. But they will now be able to march through areas around the arena that were previously off limits, including some public parks.
The changes also added buffer times between demonstrations, after some feared that groups supporting Mr. Trump might clash with those opposing him.
“The R.N.C. offers a unique stage to groups from all sides of the political spectrum to lift their voices to a national audience,” Christine Link, executive director for the A.C.L.U. of Ohio, said in a statement. “The new rules ensure that people have meaningful opportunities to express themselves on some of our most important national issues.”
Law enforcement officials said they expected thousands of protesters to show up on the first day of the convention, a Monday, with dozens of groups, ranging from Black Lives Matter to Citizens for Trump, likely to turn out.
The rule changes were welcomed by Judge Ronald B. Adrine of Cleveland’s municipal court. He will be one of several judges working during the convention on cases involving people arrested at demonstrations. He said the new parade route and expanded duration of the protests would make it less likely that people will get into confrontations with the authorities.
“I think that the more people are able to do what they want to do or say what they want to say the better,” he said, since “they don’t necessarily have to take issue with the police,” he said.
“To the degree that the police can just stand back and let them throw their tantrum — all good as far as I’m concerned,” he added.
The legal skirmishing recalls past battles over convention demonstrations like one in St. Paul in 2008, when protest groups sued before the Republican convention over a parade route and strict rules for permits.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

United Airlines and leaders of its flight attendants’ union have agreed to a new labor contract that will unify the cabin crews for the first time since United’s merger with Continental Airlines more than five years ago.
The deal, which still requires a vote by the union’s full membership, would also raise United flight attendants’ pay to a level that the union claims is the highest in the industry.
With the increase, for example, United flight attendants entering their 13th year of service would earn a base rate of $62 an hour. That would be slightly above the current comparable levels for attendants at Delta Air Lines and American Airlines.
United’s elected leaders of the Association of Flight Attendants unanimously approved the agreement on Tuesday and will submit the contract in July to the union’s full membership for final approval.
Although other parts of the combined airlines have been integrated since United merged with Continental in October 2010, the company’s 25,000 flight attendants had been operating as if they still worked for two separate airlines.
Premerger United flight attendants work only on legacy United airplanes, and premerger Continental flight attendants work exclusively on “Continental” planes, rebranded as United planes. Even new hires and new planes were assigned to one team or the other.
That division created challenges for the company in scheduling flights and crews, and in some cases it led to flight delays.
“This is a long time coming,” said Thomas Kochan, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Sloan School of Management.
Mr. Kochan said that when the merger was announced six years ago, he hoped Continental’s high-quality customer service and good labor relations would carry over and improve United over all.
“The reverse happened,” he said. “This is an opportunity for them to really turn United around and realize the promise that merger held in the first place.”
Flight attendants are generally paid hourly rates for in-flight time, which averages 80 to 85 hours a month. Flight attendants who fly international routes or work more than 200 hours in a quarter can earn additional pay.
The union said the new contract for United attendants would translate to a pay raise of 18 to 31 percent for the most senior flight attendants. The previous wage scales varied depending on whether attendants worked for the Continental or United side of the business.
The contract would run for five years.
The flight attendants struggled to negotiate a deal under the leadership of the former United Airlines chief executive, Jeffery A. Smisek, who resigned last September during a federal investigation into his dealings with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Labor negotiations improved significantly once his successor, Oscar Munoz, took the top job, said Sara Nelson, the international president of the Association of Flight Attendants and a United flight attendant for 20 years.
Mr. Munoz made a priority of resolving labor issues and improving the airline’s operations. But shortly after taking the job, he had a heart attack and took a leave of absence, during which he received a heart transplant.
Since Mr. Munoz returned to the company in March, he has spoken repeatedly of “earning back the trust” of United’s employees and customers. This year, United also negotiated new contracts with the unions representing its pilots and dispatchers.
Mr. Munoz will have to weigh wage increases against efforts to cut costs and increase revenue. Last week, he announced an initiative to find $3.1 billion in savings and extra revenue by 2018.
Because United’s largest competitors — Delta Air Lines and American Airlines — both have wider profit margins, Mr. Munoz is under pressure from investors to close the gap.
United’s new deal with its flight attendants would have implications for their counterparts at American Airlines. American’s 25,000 flight attendants received a 6 percent pay raise this year. But a clause in that contract says American will adjust its pay scale further once United comes to a deal.
Delta’s flight attendants are not unionized, but the airline gave them a 14.5 percent pay raise in December. The hourly base is now $61.28 at 12 years of experience.
For United, one last labor deal remains elusive: The airline has yet to reach an agreement with its 9,000 mechanics, who are represented by the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. That group is scheduled to meet with United’s management this week, but no immediate deal is expected.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DENVER — File this under how not to roll out a high-profile digital education platform.
One day after Amazon announced that it would introduce Amazon Inspire, a free instructional resources site where teachers could share lesson plans, the company said it had removed three items from the site after educators complained that the products were copyrighted materials.
In a related blunder, Amazon had included two of the items it has since taken down in a screen shot of the site that was sent to journalists and published in news outlets, including The New York Times.
More embarrassing still: Two items — a collection of first-grade math lessons and English literature activity lessons — in the Amazon screen shot were created by authors on teacherspayteachers.com, a rival instructional resources site where educators offer lesson plans they have created.
Although the complaints about the Amazon site have been few, the copyright issue that emerged on Tuesday suggested that Amazon Inspire did not have an effective procedure to independently vet the copyright status of materials that teachers uploaded and shared. By contrast, established sites like YouTube have sophisticated processes to monitor user-generated content.
Rohit Agarwal, the general manager of Amazon K-12 Education, the company’s education unit, said the company was looking into how the materials in question came to be uploaded on the site.
“Our team is doubling down and investigating what the root cause is,” Mr. Agarwal said in an interview on Tuesday evening at the annual conference of the International Society for Technology in Education, attended by about 16,000 educators in Denver. “We will do what is appropriate to respond to the results of the investigation.”
Amazon Inspire is a major step by the company to gain market share in an education tech landscape where rivals like Apple, Google and Microsoft have already established footholds. Mr. Agarwal said the site, which had been available to a limited number of teachers and school districts during the beta test phase, was scheduled to go live at the start of the school year this fall.
But Amazon Inspire’s early stumble has raised some concerns among educators, its intended audience.
Amazon designed the site to enable teachers to post and freely share lesson plans, quizzes and curriculums of their own design, as well as open educational resources created by others. Mr. Agarwal said that users were not supposed to upload copyrighted materials and that the site had a process in place to quickly take down items that were the subjects of such complaints.
But it may be more difficult than Amazon executives realized for the site’s users to distinguish between open educational resources and copyrighted works.
“Even with all the safeguards in place, you have the ability to have someone upload a resource that violates a copyright,” Mr. Agarwal conceded.
More complaints may be in the works. On Tuesday night, a reader emailed me a screen shot indicating that Amazon Inspire also offered resources by one of the best-selling authors on teacherspayteachers.com, a site with more than two million active users.
“It takes tremendous work to create engaging and rigorous educational resources,” said Adam Freed, the chief executive of Teacher Synergy, the company behind teacherspayteachers.com. “So we understand the concerns from our TeachersPayTeachers community.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SYDNEY, Australia — Australia has burned through six prime ministers in the last nine years, a pattern that its current leader, Malcolm Turnbull, hoped to break by dissolving Parliament and calling an election for this weekend.
But his plan to win a stronger mandate has collided with forces not unlike the anger that prompted Britain’s vote to leave the European Union and has fueled populist movements on the Continent and in the United States.
Australian voters hold the leaders of both establishment parties in disdain, with polls showing Mr. Turnbull, leader of the right-wing Liberal Party, and Bill Shorten, leader of the opposition Labor Party, heading into the election on Saturday with historically low support.
Mr. Turnbull’s support has tumbled. In June, it was 48 percent, down from a high of 69 percent soon after he took office 10 months ago, a Fairfax Ipsos poll shows. Mr. Shorten’s approval rating is even worse, at 34 percent, but is better than the 18 percent he had in November.
Discontent appears to be driving voters to the fringes, with smaller parties gaining support at the expense of the two major parties. But Australia’s anti-establishment mood, unlike the one buoyed by nationalist and anti-immigration sentiments that has upended politics in the United States and Europe, is diffuse, and its beneficiaries span the political map.
The liberal Greens party, which has 10 senators and one lawmaker in the lower house, expects to win more seats.
There has been a groundswell of support for a new party led by Senator Nick Xenophon from South Australia, who was first elected to state office in 1997 on a single issue, banning poker machines — still a major concern for his party.
On the far right, Pauline Hanson’s anti-immigrant One Nation party looks likely to win a seat in Queensland. “The one thing I have been fighting about is Muslim takeover,” she said in a campaign video. “It is not good for us as Australians.”
Another minor party, the Liberal Democrats, is fielding 47 candidates who believe in more guns and less government. “There is a tendency, worldwide, for a plague on both their houses, or all their houses, and a tendency to look for an alternative, looking for somebody else,” the Liberal Democrats’ one member of Parliament, David Leyonhjelm, told ABC Radio National on Tuesday.
Senator Bob Day of the Family First party, speaking on the same program, said, “There is no doubt the electorate has lost faith in basically the political classes’ ability to address the nation’s and the world’s problems, like we have seen in Europe.” Family First is a conservative party rooted in Christian evangelical movements.
The smaller parties are predicted to gain seats, but their platforms are so diverse that the major parties cannot easily absorb them. And the major parties have little hope of winning over voters whose support for a minor party stems from their dissatisfaction with mainstream politicians.
At the same time, the major parties are losing a grip on their core constituencies.
“In the past, voters could identify with elements of a party’s policies based around their own education, wealth, occupation, even where they live,” said Rodney Smith, a professor of political science at the University of Sydney. “But people now have a whole range of identities that are important to them. It is a very tricky time to try to win seats if you are part of a major party.”
These trends have left the major-party candidates flailing and, as the vote nears, resorting to more desperate attacks.
Mr. Turnbull recently accused the Labor Party of lacking “the willpower” to turn back boats of asylum seekers. “Imagine the chaos,” he warned, if Labor were elected.
Mr. Shorten accused the Turnbull government of having secret plans to privatize Australia’s universal health care. A vote for the conservatives, he said, will send Australia “down the path of an Americanized health care system, where how much you earn will determine the quality of your health care.”
However, Mr. Shorten’s Labor Party has the same policy on turning back migrant boats as the current government. And Mr. Turnbull has vowed he will never privatize health care, although some of his party’s policies appear to be chipping away at the edges.
The parties do have real differences, on climate change for instance.
Mr. Shorten has promised significantly stricter limits on carbon emissions than Mr. Turnbull has. He says 50 percent of Australia’s electricity will come from renewable energy sources by 2030, compared with Mr. Turnbull’s 23 percent by 2020.
The candidates have also sparred over same-sex marriage, even though they both support it.
Mr. Turnbull says that he favors repealing a ban on same-sex marriage, but that after taking office said he would honor his predecessor’s plan to hold a plebiscite on the issue, a vote critics say would quickly descend into a divisive campaign of hatred and gay-bashing.
Mr. Shorten, who once favored a plebiscite, wants Parliament to vote on the issue, which he says has wide support among Australians.
While both men have changed positions, Mr. Turnbull’s shift is seen as an example of how he has been hobbled by his party’s right wing, eroding hopes that he would be a bold leader. That disappointment, along with some flat-footed campaigning, was a major factor in his tumble in the polls.
Polls, not elections, killed off the last three prime ministers. The last, the gaffe-prone Tony Abbott, did not survive his first term; Mr. Turnbull challenged him and the party threw him out.
Mr. Turnbull’s gamble on a new election now looks dicey. Analysts say he is likely to win, but with a reduced majority in the lower house and a fractured Senate. A slim margin could be fatal for his leadership.
“Mr. Turnbull’s performance during the campaign really puts his leadership on the line,” said Peter Chen, a political analyst at Sydney University.
It does not help that the campaign has been unusually long by Australian standards. Australia’s election campaigns typically run about four weeks. This one, announced May 8, will last eight.
Voters are tired of the campaign, Professor Smith said, and both party leaders are finding it difficult to sustain.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

YOUR household Wi-Fi router has a hidden power: It is also a cellphone service provider. In fact, most mobile data traffic travels through smaller networks like Wi-Fi routers, not those hulking cell towers outside.
The internet companies Google and Bandwidth.com have turned that little-known fact into a business opportunity. Their mobile phone services rely on cell networks that they lease from traditional carriers, but if a Wi-Fi network has a better connection, they shift phone calls and data over to Wi-Fi instead.
More often, your Wi-Fi is going to have a stronger data connection, so in tech industry parlance, these phone services are sometimes called “Wi-Fi first.”
Less work on cell towers leads to lower costs for consumers, so Google and Bandwidth offer service prices that are less than half of what a traditional carrier would charge. Bandwidth’s phone service, called Republic Wireless, offers a range of plans, including one for $25 a month for unlimited minutes and messages and 1 gigabyte of cellular data. Google’s service, Project Fi, costs at least $30 a month for the same package, and you are reimbursed for the cellular data you don’t use.
In contrast, AT&T’s cheapest phone plan starts at $45 a month for a bucket including only 300 megabytes of data, and Verizon charges $50 a month for its plan including one gigabyte of cellular data.
Based on numbers alone, you might wonder, how could one resist going with a Wi-Fi-first phone plan? But there are several other factors to consider, including the reliability and ease of using the phone services, customer service quality and the phones that work with the networks. (For example: The iPhone is out of the picture.)
After testing Project Fi and Republic Wireless for a few weeks and comparing their performance with traditional carriers, I concluded that they are ideal for budget-conscious consumers who don’t need to have the latest and greatest devices.
Project Fi and Republic Wireless share a lot in common, though there are differences. Both services work only with phones running Google’s Android system. In the United States, both primarily rely on Sprint and T-Mobile networks for cellular coverage. But Project Fi’s plans also include cell coverage from U.S. Cellular, a smaller carrier, as well as foreign networks in more than 120 countries.
Unlike traditional carriers, which sell phones in physical retail stores and online, both Project Fi and Republic Wireless primarily sell their phones and services online. Google sells only two Nexus devices that work with Project Fi. Republic Wireless also sells its compatible phones and plans through its website and Amazon. But starting next month, customers will be able to bring their own devices, including some Samsung, Motorola and Nexus phones, to its service.
When you receive a Project Fi phone, you insert the SIM card and activate it through the Project Fi app. Similarly, with Republic Wireless, when you receive the phone, you activate it through the Republic app downloaded through Google’s app store.
The technologies for both services work seamlessly — if you start a phone call over a Wi-Fi connection and move out of its range, for example, the call is handed off to a nearby cell tower.
I tested Project Fi and Republic Wireless in two cities where getting a good cell signal can be challenging — San Francisco and South Lake Tahoe, Calif. — and compared their performance with a smartphone on AT&T’s network. Both Project Fi and Republic Wireless worked reliably and turned in impressive results.
To assess data performance, I ran network tests with the app Speed Test on the phones multiple times in each location. AT&T’s cell network was faster over all: Its download speeds peaked at 28 megabits a second. Republic Wireless reached 17 megabits a second for downloads, and Project Fi’s fastest download speed was 9.2 megabits a second. All those speeds are fast enough to smoothly stream music or video.
Both Project Fi and Republic Wireless were better at handling Wi-Fi calls than AT&T. I tried starting phone calls in an area with a strong Wi-Fi connection and then walked out of range of the Wi-Fi. AT&T dropped the call when I left the Wi-Fi zone, but Project Fi and Republic Wireless hung on. As for audio quality, calls on both Project Fi and Republic Wireless sounded similar; I could not discern a meaningful difference between a call placed over Wi-Fi or cellular.
For a stress test, I tried using all the phone services while riding in a car through mountains around Lake Tahoe. Not surprisingly, all the services struggled to place calls or browse the web.
Traditional phone carriers are not well known for quality customer service, so it’s important to know how quickly and capably Project Fi and Republic Wireless can solve customer problems. Both had customer service operations that felt more modern than traditional carriers.
Project Fi lets customers reach out via phone, web chat or email. I experienced a hiccup with Project Fi — after activating my account and choosing a phone number, Project Fi gobbled my existing Google Voice phone number.
After I contacted a service representative over web chat in the evening, Google restored my Google Voice number the following morning — not ideal. Google said it would revise its sign-up process to clarify that customers will lose their existing Google Voice numbers if they choose a new number for Project Fi.
However, in another test, I emailed Google asking why my coverage was spotty in Lake Tahoe, and after about three hours a service representative responded, explaining that reliable service in that area was not guaranteed, and issued me a $5 refund.
Republic Wireless has a number of interesting approaches to customer service. You can open a support ticket through the Republic app or website and get a response via email, or ask someone to call you. You can also use web chat or send a text message to a chat bot, which spits out a list of options for how you can get help, and connect with a service representative.
I used both the chat bot and app to pose the same question about why coverage was spotty in Lake Tahoe. Within minutes, two representatives looked into it and said there were no outages in the area, so performance should have been fine.
Because Republic Wireless and Project Fi are similar, the trade-offs will guide you.
Project Fi costs a little more than Republic Wireless, but you will also have the benefit of being able to use the service overseas at the same rates, without swapping out a SIM card.
But a major downside is that you have only two phone options: Huawei’s 5.7-inch Nexus 6P and LG’s 5.2-inch Nexus 5X. So if you are frugal, travel often and don’t mind having few options for phone models, go with Project Fi.
Republic Wireless service is cheaper and available on more devices, including Samsung’s Galaxy phones, which are the best Android devices on the market. The cell service is not available on networks overseas, but the company says it plans to expand internationally in the next year. So if you are on a tight budget, want more options for handsets and have no near-term plans to use a phone abroad, go with Republic Wireless.
Then there is the option of sticking with a traditional carrier. The big carriers tend to get the latest and coolest phones right when they are released. In addition, AT&T and Verizon generally have faster and more reliable coverage throughout the country. Early adopters of new gear and professionals who value a zippy cell connection will probably want to stick with a big carrier.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LONDON — European competition regulators will closely review a potential takeover of Monsanto by the German chemical maker Bayer if a deal were to be consummated, according to a letter released on Wednesday.
The chief executive of Monsanto said on Wednesday that he had “been personally in discussions with Bayer’s management over the last several weeks.”
Bayer offered to pay $122 a share in cash, or about $62 billion, for Monsanto in May to create a new titan in the world of farming. Monsanto, the top producer of genetically modified crop seeds, rejected that offer as too low, but has said it is open to continuing talks about a potential deal.
The developments on Wednesday indicate that a merger remains a possibility.
In a letter to two German members of European Parliament, Margrethe Vestager, the commissioner in charge of European competition policy, said that the European Commission would consider concerns they had raised about the potential impact that a merger between Bayer and Monsanto might have on prices, on the availability of seed products and on research and innovation.
She said competition authorities would carefully examine other deals in the seed and agrochemical sector, including China National Chemical Corporation’s takeover of Syngenta and a plan to merge Dow Chemical and DuPont, then split the combined company into three.
The letter to the German lawmakers, Martin Häusling and Sven Giegold, was dated June 20 and released publicly on Wednesday.
United States regulators would also examine any merger of the two companies.
Bayer is hoping to combine Monsanto with its own pesticide operations, forming a one-stop shop for farmers. The combined company would have $67 billion in annual sales and would produce an array of products including pain medication, G.M.O. seeds and pesticides.
On Wednesday, Hugh Grant, Monsanto’s chairman and chief executive, said that he did not have a formal update on the talks, but he had “discussions with Bayer’s management over the last several weeks, along with others regarding alternative strategic options.”
“We continue to recognize the potential value these types of combinations can create as they accelerate innovation and increase choice for farmers across a broader set of crops, geographies and production practices, while improving the sustainability of agriculture around the world,” Mr. Grant said in a news release as Monsanto reported its third-quarter results.
“That is why we remain open and will continue to actively engage in constructive dialogue to pursue value enhancing strategic options.”
Monsanto abandoned its own pursuit of the Swiss agricultural chemical manufacturer Syngenta last year.
On Wednesday, Monsanto reported a third-quarter profit of $717 million on sales of $4.2 billion. That compared with a profit of $1.14 billion on sales of $4.6 billion in the same period in 2015.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Actors often go through a mourning period when a show ends, and they have to say goodbye to the character they have embodied for months or years onstage. But Alexandra Silber took the grieving process to new extremes.
After she spent two years performing as Hodel in a production of “Fiddler on the Roof” in England, Ms. Silber had immersed herself so thoroughly in the character that she couldn’t stop thinking about her. So she started writing about what happens to Hodel, one of Tevye’s five daughters, after she boards a train to Siberia.
“When it was over, I was grieving this character,” Ms. Silber said in an interview, as if she were “a real person who suddenly stopped calling.”
“She was so deeply in my bone marrow,” she continued. “I had to know what happens to this 18-year-old girl who gets on a train and goes to Siberia in the name of love.”
What began as a personal thought experiment morphed into a full-blown novel. Ms. Silber recently sold the book, “After Anatevka,” to Pegasus, which plans to publish it next summer.
“After Anatevka” picks up Hodel’s story where “Fiddler” drops off. In “Fiddler,” which is set in the Russian shtetl Anatevka at the turn of the 20th century, Hodel stuns her father, the dairyman Tevye, when she announces that she has decided to marry Perchik, a tutor to her younger sisters. After Perchik leaves for Kiev, and is later exiled to Siberia, Hodel follows him.
Ms. Silber’s book opens in a Siberian prison, where Hodel is being held after she arouses suspicions as a young, unmarried woman traveling alone. In her cell, Hodel remembers life in the shtetl with her family, and exchanges letters with her older sister, Tzeitel. The second act of the novel centers on Perchik, who is in a labor camp. Through flashbacks the narrative covers familiar ground from “Fiddler on the Roof” and from the original 19th-century Yiddish stories, by Sholom Aleichem, on which the musical is based.
Ms. Silber spent three years writing the book, and traveled to Siberia to research it. “My ancestors are Russian shtetl Jews, so there was this incredible sense of homecoming in multiple dimensions,” Ms. Silber said.
After she finished writing the novel in 2013, she set it aside and had little expectation of ever publishing it. She threw herself into other roles, starring in the Off Broadway musical “Arlington,” and playing Eliza Doolittle in “My Fair Lady,” in St. Louis.
But last year, she was cast in the current Broadway revival of “Fiddler on the Roof,” this time as the oldest daughter, Tzeitel. She revisited the novel, and decided that maybe it was worth publishing, after all. Iris Blasi, an editor at Pegasus, bought it in a two-book deal, along with “White Hot Grief Parade,” Ms. Silber’s memoir about losing her father to cancer when she was 18.
[ Read Charles Isherwood’s review of the Broadway revival of ‘Fiddler on the Roof’ ]
Now Ms. Silber is playing Tzeitel eight times a week. In her performance, she has drawn on the letters that she wrote in Tzeitel’s voice in the novel. “What began as me bringing work from the theater into the book has now become me bringing work from the book into the theater,” she said. “I have a little rewriting to do, because now I understand Tzeitel in a different way.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In 2005, as he was making a transition from developing real estate to capitalizing on his fame through ventures like a reality show and product-licensing deals, Donald J. Trump hit upon a two-pronged strategy for entering the field of for-profit education.
He poured his own money into Trump University, which began as a distance-learning business advising customers on how to make money in real estate, but left a long trail of customers alleging they were defrauded. Their lawsuits have cast a shadow over Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign.
But Mr. Trump also lent his name, and his credibility, to a seminar business he did not own, which was branded the Trump Institute. Its operators rented out hotel ballrooms across the country and invited people to pay up to $2,000 to come hear Mr. Trump’s “wealth-creating secrets and strategies.”
And its customers had ample reason to ask whether they, too, had been deceived.
As with Trump University, the Trump Institute promised falsely that its teachers would be handpicked by Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump did little, interviews show, besides appear in an infomercial — one that promised customers access to his vast accumulated knowledge. “I put all of my concepts that have worked so well for me, new and old, into our seminar,” he said in the 2005 video, adding, “I’m teaching what I’ve learned.”
Reality fell far short. In fact, the institute was run by a couple who had run afoul of regulators in dozens of states and had been dogged by accusations of deceptive business practices and fraud for decades. Similar complaints soon emerged about the Trump Institute.
Yet there was an even more fundamental deceit to the business, unreported until now: Extensive portions of the materials that students received after paying their seminar fees, supposedly containing Mr. Trump’s special wisdom, had been plagiarized from an obscure real estate manual published a decade earlier.
Together, the exaggerated claims about his own role, the checkered pasts of the people with whom he went into business and the theft of intellectual property at the venture’s heart all illustrate the fiction underpinning so many of Mr. Trump’s licensing businesses: Putting his name on products and services — and collecting fees — was often where his actual involvement began and ended.
“That Trump Institute, what criminals they are,” said Carol Minto of West Haven, Conn., a retired court reporter who attended one seminar in 2009 and agreed to spend $1,997.94 to attend another before having second thoughts. She wound up requiring the help of two states’ attorneys general in getting a refund. “They wanted to steal my money,” she said.
The institute was another example of the Trump brand’s being accused of luring vulnerable customers with false promises of profit and success. Others, besides Trump University, include multilevel marketing ventures that sold vitamins and telecommunications services, and a vanity publisher that faced hundreds of consumer complaints.
Mr. Trump’s infomercial performance suggested he was closely overseeing the Trump Institute. “People are loving it,” he said in the program, titled “The Donald Trump Way to Wealth” and staged like a talk show in front of a wildly enthusiastic audience. “People are really doing well with it, and they’re loving it.” His name, picture and aphorisms like “I am the American Dream, supersized version” were all over the course materials.
Yet while he owned 93 percent of Trump University, the Trump Institute was owned and operated by Irene and Mike Milin, a couple who had been marketing get-rich-quick courses since the 1980s.
A Trump executive, Michael Sexton, told The Sacramento Bee in 2006 that there was a simple reason for going into business with the Milins: Their company was “the best in the business.”
Yet the Milins’ reputation was actually pockmarked with lawsuits and regulatory actions — a dismal track record that Mr. Trump and his aides could have unearthed with a modicum of due diligence.
The Milins were known for running full-page ads that screamed “FREE MONEY!” and offered tutorials on how to obtain government grants and loans. They were also notorious for being frequent targets of state regulators.
In 1993, the Texas attorney general accused their company, then called Information Seminars International, of taking customers’ money and running. People who bought a $499 “Milin Method” package were promised financing to resell real estate purchased at government auctions, officials said, but when customers sought to follow up with the company, the Milins had vanished.
In 2001, operating as National Grants Conference, the Milins settled with Florida authorities after being accused of violating the state’s Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act. And in 2006, the Vermont attorney general sued the Milins for consumer fraud, ultimately fining them $65,000 and allowing customers to seek more than $325,000 in refunds.
The regulatory woes continued after the Milins rebranded their seminar business with the name of the country’s best-known real estate developer: In 2007, 33 state attorneys general signed a letter to the Federal Trade Commission accusing the Milins of deceptive trade practices. A year later, their company sought bankruptcy protection, owing $2.1 million to creditors. The venture continued for a few years.
Alan Garten, Mr. Trump’s in-house counsel, said that executives were unaware of the Milins’ history when their business relationship began but that he could not recall when they became aware of the couple’s run-ins with regulators.
Operating as the Trump Institute, the Milins pursued familiar tactics — and attracted familiar complaints, eventually earning an F from the Better Business Bureau.
Seminar attendees who later sought assistance from supposed experts over a Trump Institute toll-free phone line complained of being told to ignore what they had been taught in the seminars because it was outdated or useless advice. “The ‘advisers’ refused to listen to us when we referred to the methods taught in the seminars,” Fred and Zofia Besel, a retired couple from New York, wrote in 2009, seeking a refund in a letter that wound up with the Florida attorney general’s office.
Unbeknownst to customers at the time, though, even the printed materials handed out to seminar attendees were based on a lie. The Trump Institute copyrighted its publication, each page emblazoned with “Billionaire’s Road Map to Success,” and it distributed the materials to those who attended the seminars.
Yet much of the handbook’s contents were lifted without attribution from an obscure how-to guide published by Success magazine in 1995 called “Real Estate Mastery System.”
At least 20 pages of the Trump Institute book were copied entirely or in large part from “Real Estate Mastery System.” Even some of its hypothetical scenarios — “Seller A is asking $80,000 for a single-family residence” — were repeated verbatim.
Asked about the plagiarism, which was discovered by the Democratic “super PAC” American Bridge, the editor of the Trump Institute publication, Susan G. Parker, denied responsibility and suggested that a lawyer for the Milins, who provided her with background material for the book, might have been to blame.
The lawyer, Peter Hoppenfeld, who no longer represents the Milins, said Ms. Parker was most likely at fault but acknowledged forwarding her information from the Milins’ office. Reached at her home in Boca Raton, Fla., Irene Milin told a reporter, “I’m very busy,” and hung up. She did not answer subsequent calls or respond to a voice mail message.
Mr. Garten said Mr. Trump was “obviously” not aware of the plagiarism. But even while playing down Mr. Trump’s link to the Trump Institute, calling it a “short-term licensing deal,” Mr. Garten expressed pride in the venture. “I stand by the curriculum that was taught at both Trump University and Trump Institute,” he said.
Ms. Parker, a lawyer and legal writer in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., said that far from being handpicked by Mr. Trump, she had been hired to write the book after responding to a Craigslist ad. She said she never spoke to Mr. Trump, let alone received guidance from him on what to write. She said she drew on her own knowledge of real estate and a speed-reading of Mr. Trump’s books.
Ms. Parker said she did venture to one of the Trump Institute seminars — and was appalled: The speakers came off like used-car salesmen, she said, and their advice was nothing but banalities. “It was like I was in sleaze America,” she said. “It was all smoke and mirrors.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WIMBLEDON, England — On Wednesday, Wimbledon picked up where it left off the day before — with outside courts covered in tarps and a steady drizzle falling.
As a brisk and windy summer day dragged on with only small pockets of tennis being played, the most distinctive sounds were the singing chants by the friends and fans of the 772nd-ranked British qualifier, Marcus Willis, who later lost to third-seeded Roger Federer on Centre Court.
Spectators, officials and the players could at least be confident that that match would be played. Centre Court, with its retractable roof, was the one place guaranteed to be filled with the sounds of a racket hitting a tennis ball.
Willis was even spotted in a courtside seat watching top-seeded Novak Djokovic play Adrian Mannarino a few hours before his match. He saw a good show.
Mannarino, with his strong, left-handed serve and crafty net play, stayed close to Djokovic until he was broken at 5-4 of the first set. Playing on his 28th birthday, Mannarino was broken again in the second game of the second set, and Djokovic was well on his way to a 6-4, 6-3, 7-6 (5) victory.
“It was a challenge to play Mannarino on grass, because he has a very good game for this surface,” Djokovic said. “The shots that he comes up with are very flat, and they bounce very low. He picks up the ball very early. Has a very good variety on his serve, slice that fades away from you.”
He added: “It was a very good challenge for me at the right time. I think I came up with the best game when it was most needed in all three sets.”
The win gave Djokovic his 30th consecutive Grand Slam match victory, a record for the Open era, which began in 1968. He holds all four Grand Slam singles titles and is trying to become the first man since Rod Laver in 1969 to win a season’s first three majors. Djokovic defeated Andy Murray in both the Australian Open and the French Open this year.
“The record that I managed to break today, yes, is one of the better ones, because, obviously, as a professional tennis player, you always aim to play your best in Grand Slams,” Djokovic said. “You want to be consistent and win as many matches in these tournaments that matter the most in our sport.
“Knowing that I won 30 in a row, it’s very pleasing, obviously. I want to keep on going. Let’s see where it takes me.”
Also on Centre Court, for the women, third-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska beat Kateryna Kozlova, 6-2, 6-1, and seventh-seeded Belinda Bencic defeated Tsvetana Pironkova, 6-2, 6-3, in first-round matches postponed from Tuesday.
The match between Eugenie Bouchard and Magdalena Rybarikova started on Court No. 12, but it ended on Centre Court with Bouchard winning, 6-3, 6-4.
Not many players on outside courts completed their matches on Wednesday.
In first-round matches that did finish during brief breaks in the rain, No. 8 Dominic Thiem beat Florian Mayer, 7-5, 6-4, 6-4; No. 10 Tomas Berdych defeated Ivan Dodig, 7-6 (5), 5-7, 6-1, 7-6 (2); and No. 24 Alexander Zverev ousted Paul-Henri Mathieu, 6-3, 6-4, 6-2.
In the women’s draw, No. 10 Petra Kvitova, a two-time Wimbledon champion, defeated Sorana Cirstea, 6-0, 6-4; No. 16 Johanna Konta, the highest-ranked British woman, topped Monica Puig, 6-1, 7-5; and No. 21 Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova and No. 32 Andrea Petkovic closed out victories.
The schedule disruptions at Wimbledon have come after a rainy French Open, during which nearly two full days of play in the second week were washed out.
But rain at Wimbledon is as much a tradition as the all-white outfits and strawberries and cream.
“With all the years on the tour, I mean, you get used to it,” Berdych said.
He added: “No matter if you have to finish for a few points or a set or more, it’s just the same thing. You just have to stay focused and be ready for it as a new match.”
For now, Wimbledon has only one covered stadium. However, a retractable roof is expected to be completed on Court No. 1 in time for the 2019 tournament.
“I was really lucky to play on the Centre today, that’s for sure,” Radwanska said.
The French Open does not yet have a covered stadium. A retractable roof on Arthur Ashe Stadium will be functional for this year’s United States Open. The Australian Open has three stadiums with roofs.
“I know it’s big thing to build a roof,” Radwanska said. “It’s not easy. But, of course, more roofs, better.”
Kvitova watched Radwanska from the locker room, where she was hanging out with other players.
“Sometimes it’s good to catch up when you can’t play,” she said, then added, using a nickname for Radwanska: “We were watching Aga playing on Centre Court. We were very jealous that she can play and not us.”
By the end of the day, 30 second-round matches, including those involving No. 2 Garbiñe Muguruza, No. 4 Angelique Kerber and No. 8 Venus Williams, were suspended or postponed. Many first-round matches were still half-finished or not yet started.
Djokovic and Federer, by virtue of playing on Centre Court, were already into the third round. Twelve men, including No. 18 John Isner of the United States, and 16 women had not even made it through the first round.
With the schedule so backed up, tournament officials announced that the first round of the men’s doubles event would be best of three sets, not best of five.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

President Obama will appear next week with Hillary Clinton, the 2016 campaigning debut for the figure expected to be Mrs. Clinton’s most potent surrogate in the fall.
The two are scheduled to be in Charlotte, N.C., on Tuesday for what the Clinton campaign described as a discussion of “building on the progress we’ve made.”
Mr. Obama had been scheduled to campaign with the presumptive Democratic nominee in Wisconsin two weeks ago, but the event was canceled after the nightclub massacre in Orlando, Fla.
In a video this month endorsing Mrs. Clinton, his former Democratic presidential rival and secretary of state, Mr. Obama said he did not think a candidate had ever been so qualified for the office.
“I know how hard this job can be,” he said. “That’s why I know Hillary will be so good at it.”
The location of the rally is notable. Clinton aides view North Carolina as a potential opportunity to expand on Mr. Obama’s 2012 electoral map. He lost the state four years ago, after winning it in 2008.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sometimes local politicians can be an awfully unpredictable bunch.
This month, Airbnb appeared to be surprised when the once friendly San Francisco Board of Supervisors turned hostile, unanimously voting to fine Airbnb $1,000 a day for every unregistered host who uses the service, in a new law that is expected to go into effect in July.
Airbnb is suing to stop it, arguing that the supervisors are violating a federal law that protects websites from being responsible for what people post on them.
What’s more, the supervisors’ vote was a rare setback for Airbnb, which often cited San Francisco as a city that understood how to support innovation. Innovation, of course, being a code word for agreeing to do what the tech industry wants.
Has San Francisco lost its zeal for the tech industry? Unlikely. Uber appears to be getting along just fine with local officials. Tech buses are still using municipal bus stops with the city’s blessing (and a very small fee). And tech luminaries like the angel investor Ron Conway continue to have an outsize influence in local politics.
That could change. Housing activists say they will continue to press their case that Airbnb is limiting affordable housing, and they have indicated they’ll take a second swing at a ballot measure to place tight restrictions on the service. Their first attempt failed last year.
Now there are indications that voters may be asked to change the rules of engagement for tax breaks that lured companies like Twitter to the city’s Mid-Market neighborhood. According to The San Francisco Examiner, the city’s voters may be asked to approve a 1.5 percent surtax on tech company payrolls. Advocates say it could raise $120 million a year.
In a city struggling with soaring housing prices blamed on an influx of moneyed tech workers, it should surprise no one that local officials are starting to look at those companies as a source of tax revenue that has yet to live up to its potential.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

HONG KONG — For Asia, the bad news this week was not that Donald J. Trump detailed a seven-point plan to toughen American trade policy, especially toward China. It was that Hillary Clinton’s campaign accused Mr. Trump a few hours later of purloining her ideas, noting that she favored similar action on those issues.
A strong dose of economic populism, with an occasional sprinkling of geopolitics, has suffused the trade plans of the leading American presidential candidates this year. Vying for votes, Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton are each promising to do more to preserve American jobs at a time of slowing global economic growth. And China — with its vast trade, rising international influence and authoritarian government — is a natural target.
Presidential candidates vow every four years to do more to help American workers facing competition from abroad. After taking office, they have consistently pursued more conciliatory trade policies toward China, seeing a strategic benefit to warm relations with Beijing.
But broad political distress this year over the loss of well-paid working class jobs to global competition, coupled with mounting concern about China’s increasingly assertive military posture, suggest that the next president could actually follow through on the pledges. If they do, the policies could pose a real predicament for China, and for other Asian countries that depend on its economy.
Millions of jobs in China and across the region require the continued willingness of the United States to rely overwhelmingly on imports to supply American families with everything from the clothes they wear to the smartphones they carry.
Rapid economic growth in China and the development of a strong consumer market had seemed to reduce the country’s need for huge exports to the American market. But China’s economy has recently slowed, hurting domestic players from small exporters to large steel makers.
Weaker growth at home has made it all the more important for China to maintain a large trade surplus with the United States, selling more to consumers and businesses there than it buys. For years, China has exported four times as much to the United States as it imports, and it continues to do so.
“If there are tougher trade policies from the United States,” said Shen Jianguang, an economist at Mizuho Securities Asia, “that will dampen Chinese exports.”
The candidates plan to take direct aim at the two countries’ trade gap.
They want to label China as a currency manipulator that undervalues the renminbi to help its exporters win sales in overseas markets. They want to file more trade cases against China and impose more tariffs. They want to investigate how the Chinese government subsidizes businesses. They also want to rethink big trade deals.
Mr. Trump wants to scrap the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a free-trade agreement between the United States and a group of countries, mostly in Asia. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign took a subtly different position, saying that she opposed the agreement in its current form.
The Asian countries involved in the trade pact, notably Vietnam and Japan, made significant concessions to American negotiators because they felt threatened by China’s rise. Now, the presidential candidates are lumping them together with China, holding them responsible for killing American jobs.
With few exceptions, Chinese officials have tried to steer clear of commenting on the American candidates. Even Chinese academics, the usual pipeline to Beijing’s thinking, have been wary of doing so, to avoid being accused of violating China’s policy of not interfering publicly in other countries’ politics. To the extent that Chinese experts say anything, it is to express hope that this year’s talk of getting tough on trade will not be a harbinger of policy shifts ahead.
“There is no big difference from previous presidential campaigns, only more emphasis, due to the poor world trade performances” and weak global economic prospects, said He Weiwen, a co-director of the China-U.S.-E.U. Study Center at the China Association of International Trade in Beijing.
The uncertainty for China, and much of Asia, is whether the candidates will sing the same trade tunes once in office. Mr. Trump’s confrontational approach would seem to indicate some follow-through. Mrs. Clinton seems less likely to change American policies, given that she supported President Obama’s free trade efforts during his first term of office, when she was secretary of state.
Former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, and Mr. Obama, at least initially, all tried to help China become more involved in the world economy. They hoped that more enmeshed trade and financial relationships would mean a more democratic China with closer diplomatic ties to the West.
It seemed to work for a while. But in the last three years, China, under President Xi Jinping, has shifted toward more authoritarian rule.
China has embarked on a wide-ranging military buildup, constructed artificial islands with military-grade runways in the South China Sea and challenged Japan’s control of a cluster of islands north of Taiwan. And a combination of strict censorship and comprehensive propaganda has fanned the already strong nationalism of the Chinese public.
Those geopolitics have left American policy makers with two choices, neither of them appetizing. Further trade with China and additional investments there by Western multinationals could strengthen the Chinese economy and help Beijing afford even more ambitious territorial and military policies. Discouraging trade and investment could cause lower economic growth that might slow China’s military rise but also might feed anti-Western sentiment and foster public demands for more assertive foreign policy.
If the candidates’ ideas became policy, China would almost certainly retaliate in some fashion. American exports, while sharply smaller than those China sends in the other direction, are a potential focus. Beijing has proved especially adept in the past at targeting American exports from swing states in presidential elections and closely fought congressional districts, maximizing its leverage in the political process even if the economic effects were limited.
The biggest immediate casualty of tougher trade policies could be the Obama administration’s effort to strengthen relations with countries like Japan, Singapore and Vietnam as a way to balance China’s growing muscle in East Asia. The economic centerpiece of the administration’s so-called pivot to Asia has been the negotiation of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. That agreement calls for dismantling barriers to American trade with many of the countries that find themselves increasingly uneasy about China’s growing dominance.
Mr. Trump denounced the pact again on Tuesday, saying that it would force American workers to compete with low-paid Vietnamese workers. Mrs. Clinton, after supporting the early negotiations as secretary of state, has come out against the pact since the fall, saying that the deal does not go far enough to address issues like currency manipulation.
Yet canceling the trade pact could actually cause more problems, by pushing American allies in the region into China’s arms and preventing American companies from developing in emerging Asian markets.
“If America kills the T.P.P.,” said Kishore Mahbubani, the dean of the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy in Singapore, “then China becomes the main center of economic gravity.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

HOUSTON — “Brexit,” meet “Texit.”
The stunning vote by Britain to exit the European Union has inspired a flurry of chatter on social media about what it might mean for Texas, that former nation where a devoted fringe element has long advocated for secession from the United States.
Many of the state’s residents may have flirted with the idea, but the news out of Britain revived the debate, inspired a Texit hashtag and raised the hopes of the Texas secession movement.
On Twitter, there were Texas-less maps of America, videos of head-shaking Jedis and calls for Gov. Greg Abbott to take action. Oddly, the Texan who staked his name on the cause — the former Larry Scott Kilgore, who legally changed his name to Larry Secede Kilgore and plans to run for governor in 2018 — has not tweeted a word.
Reached on his cellphone last week, Mr. Kilgore, 51, said Britain’s vote had uplifted the Texas movement.
“It was a form of secession,” he said. “I think the people of Texas will look at that and say: ‘Man, we can have freedom; we can make our own decisions. We don’t have to have the U.S. empire tell us what to do.’ ”
And it’s not just Texas. Brexit has given a nudge to modest pre-existing secession movements in New England, as well. On Sunday, a small group of demonstrators gathered in Manchester, N.H. to support “NHexit.”
And in Vermont, a secession movement, the Second Vermont Republic, wrote that it had received a surge of inquiries in the days after the Brexit referendum.
Daniel Miller, the president of the Texas Nationalist Movement, an organization that says it has gathered more than 250,000 pledged votes in favor of secession by that state, has been tirelessly tweeting on behalf of the idea, directing many of his posts at Mr. Abbott.
Jesse Kelly, who ran for Congress in Arizona in 2010 and 2012, has also been an enthusiastic proponent.
Some outside the state’s borders have expressed enthusiasm for the idea.
But others were less interested.
And one Twitter user pushed the movement to take a different name.
All of this, of course, could be tied back to Donald J. Trump, by none other than Mr. Trump himself, who told reporters in Scotland on Saturday that the state would never secede “because Texas loves me.”
Despite the excitement online, there is no formal legal means under federal law that would allow Texas to secede. In 2013, the director of the White House Office of Public Engagement, Jon Carson, said as much in a written response to an online secession petition.
“Our founding fathers established the Constitution of the United States ‘in order to form a more perfect union’ through the hard and frustrating but necessary work of self-government,” Mr. Carson wrote.
“They enshrined in that document the right to change our national government through the power of the ballot — a right that generations of Americans have fought to secure for all. But they did not provide a right to walk away from it.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When the Cleveland Cavaliers won the N.B.A. championship last week, the city’s 52-year major championship drought ended. Cleveland had never won an N.B.A. title, the Browns last won the N.F.L. championship in 1964, and the Indians have been without a World Series title since 1948.
But the Cavaliers’ win may have not only broken a jinx but also ushered in a glorious new era, with Cleveland atop the sports world. The evidence is looking good so far.
When the Cavaliers lifted their trophy, the Indians were riding a modest three-game winning streak. They have not lost since. Their streak stands at 12 consecutive wins, and entering Wednesday night, they were six games ahead of the second-place team in the American League Central, the Kansas City Royals.
Behind a solid starting pitching staff that includes Josh Tomlin (9-1), Danny Salazar (10-3), Corey Kluber and Trevor Bauer, the Indians could be on track for their first division title in nine years.
The third game of the Indians’ streak was one of the most dramatic, with Jose Ramirez hitting a game-ending single in the 10th inning to beat the visiting Chicago White Sox. Later that night, in Oakland, Calif., the Cavaliers won Game 7 of the N.B.A. finals to end Cleveland’s major title drought.
Things had started looking up for Cleveland sports fans even before the Cavaliers’ title.
Stipe Miocic, who grew up in the area and attended Cleveland State, won the Ultimate Fighting Championship heavyweight title in May with a surprise knockout of Fabrício Werdum in Brazil.
The Lake Erie Monsters — a minor league hockey team that plays in the Cavaliers’ Quicken Loans Arena and is owned by the Cavaliers’ owner, Dan Gilbert — won their first American Hockey League title on June 11 when they swept the Hershey Bears. It was the city’s first Calder Cup since the now-defunct Cleveland Barons swept the Quebec Aces in 1964.
That brings us to the Browns, the team that has seemed to embody the Cleveland jinx more than any other. The Browns have not been to the playoffs since 2002 and have not won a playoff game since 1994. Last season they were 3-13.
The Browns’ onetime quarterback of the future, Johnny Manziel, was released after two seasons of poor performance, off-the-field partying and domestic abuse allegations. His lawyer recently accidentally sent The Associated Press a text message expressing doubt his client could stay off drugs. Now the Browns seem ready to give Robert Griffin III, who flamed out in Washington, a shot at quarterback.
At 150-1 betting odds, the Browns are considered the least likely team to win the Super Bowl.
Should the Browns improbably open their season with a few wins, the jinx may be buried forever.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

General Electric’s lending arm is no longer “too big to fail.”
The conglomerate said on Wednesday that its GE Capital unit had shed a government designation for the country’s biggest finance companies, one that imposes additional regulations and capital constraints.
With the declaration that GE Capital was no longer a threat to the nation’s financial stability — or, what regulators call a “systemically important financial institution” — G.E. has completed a roughly yearlong quest to sell nearly $200 billion of assets and shrink what had been the engine of its profit for decades.
Beginning under General Electric’s former chief executive John F. Welch Jr., GE Capital swelled into one of the country’s biggest lenders, becoming as big a business as G.E.’s traditional divisions such as jet engines and medical equipment.
But the 2008 financial crisis laid bare the burdens of GE Capital, and by last year G.E. announced it would get out of most of its finance activities and refocus on industry, becoming one of dozens of companies that had concluded being smaller is better for shareholders.
That meant shrinking its lending arm — and in the process slipping out from under a welter of regulations that required supervision by the Federal Reserve.
Investors approved, sending G.E. shares up 2 percent on Wednesday, to $30.55.
G.E.’s new status signaled a success for the Obama administration as well. Ever since the so-called SIFI designation was created by the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial overhaul, the country’s biggest financial institutions have faced tougher regulations aimed at making sure they were less likely to collapse ruinously.
In addition to the largest American banks, four nonbank financial institutions received the designation: GE Capital and the insurance giants American International Group, MetLife and Prudential Financial.
Some designees, notably MetLife, complained bitterly about the status, arguing that the process behind being named a SIFI was opaque. MetLife ultimately won a court case that removed it from SIFI status. The Treasury Department is appealing that ruling.
G.E. instead worked to shrink enough so that the label no longer applied. It says it consulted closely with regulators during the planning and execution of its asset sales, and was told in March that the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which controls the designation, would weigh removing that label.
“For some time now, people have been arguing that there’s no exit ramp,” Jacob J. Lew, the Treasury secretary, said in a telephone interview. “Today shows that’s incorrect.”
It was a noteworthy turnaround for G.E., whose lending business had long been one of its signature divisions. Mr. Welch viewed finance as a way to diversify the conglomerate and rapidly and powerfully increase the company’s earnings.
G.E.’s current chief executive, Jeffrey R. Immelt, initially backed the growth of GE Capital when he took over in 2001, increasing its business in commercial real estate loans and subprime lending.
But the financial crisis ushered in market upheaval that hurt GE Capital’s ability to borrow. By the time the too-big-to-fail label came into effect, owning a giant lending arm had become widely viewed as a liability.
The objective of the sell-off of GE Capital assets, which began in spring 2015, was to reduce the financial division’s size to much more manageable levels — and eliminate the heavy capital requirements and other regulations that the label imposed.
“This decision is a result of the transformation of GE Capital into a smaller, safer financial services company that meaningfully contributes to the success of G.E.’s industrial businesses,” Keith S. Sherin, GE Capital’s chairman and chief executive, said in a statement.
Mr. Lew said that G.E.’s shedding of the SIFI label was unique to the conglomerate. Other designees, primarily financial institutions, cannot easily shed enough assets to escape the status.
G.E. will still maintain some lending capabilities — only now, they will support the conglomerate’s divisions by providing loans to customers.
“Going forward, GE Capital will continue to be part of the ‘G.E. Store,’ supporting the growth of our industrial businesses,” Mr. Immelt said in a statement.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BRUSSELS — With Britain’s prime minister omitted for the first time, European Union leaders at a summit meeting wrestled on Wednesday with an existential question: how to salvage a venture that has provided peace and relative prosperity to 500 million people but has lost public support.
“We all need to wake up and smell the coffee,” President Dalia Grybauskaite of Lithuania said at the start of private talks in Brussels on how to relaunch the European Union after the shock of Britain’s vote last week to leave.
In the absence of Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain, who was already back in London after attending an initial day of talks, the group’s remaining 27 leaders all agreed that the European Union needs to change the way it works if it is to curb a rising tide of populism driven in large part by hostility toward Brussels.
Presenting the leaders with his own analysis of why 52 percent of Britons had voted to withdraw from the European Union, Mr. Cameron, at a somber dinner late Tuesday, said the main reason was immigration. Polls in other countries show deep opposition to an influx of foreigners.
But reducing immigration, or at least the right of European Union citizens to move wherever they want in the bloc, is currently impossible, because the free movement of citizens is an inviolable principle of the whole European project.
At the same time, slowing the flow of migrants from outside Europe is something that officials in Brussels consider a notable success. It took a long time and many meetings, but, under a controversial deal with Turkey, last year’s flood of nearly a million people into Europe through Greek islands has slowed to a trickle.
Migrants are still arriving in Europe after hazardous journeys across the Mediterranean from North Africa, but they are far fewer than the number who arrived last year through Greece — the people used by campaigners in Britain to rally opposition to the European Union.
With no easy fixes to Europe’s public image and no consensus on what a reformed union might look like, the main agreement reached on Wednesday was familiar: to hold another meeting in Bratislava, Slovakia, in September.
In a final statement, the leaders acknowledged that the British referendum “creates a new situation for the European Union,” and that “many people express dissatisfaction with the current state of affairs.” Europeans, they added, “expect us to do better when it comes to providing security, jobs and growth, as well as hope for a better future.”
Changing a complicated system that has three presidents, two seats of Parliament in cities hundreds of miles apart and, at least until Britain formally departs, 28 member countries, was never going to be decided in a few hours.
“The response to this new challenge for Europe will take time to find,” Frans Timmermans, a former foreign minister of the Netherlands and the first vice president of the union’s executive arm, the European Commission, cautioned earlier this week. “We must be brutally honest with ourselves as we debate the path forward. Today, there are more questions than answers.”
François Lafond, a professor of European integration at Sciences Po, the Paris university, said the task of finding answers was so big that it should be entrusted to a special convention of experts and officials who would be given at least six months to create a new approach. Otherwise, “the populists will continue to grow,” he said. “We have to give a clear signal of change.”
A critical issue, Mr. Lafond said, is which functions should be returned to individual nations and which should fall within the powers of the union. Arguments over this division of labor have dogged the so-called European project since it began more than six decades ago in response to World War II, and have caused numerous crises.
One of the most serious came in 1965, when President Charles de Gaulle of France objected to proposals from Brussels that he saw as weakening national sovereignty and pushing Europe toward becoming a giant state. Infuriated by what he viewed as an intolerable infringement, he pulled French officials from the Brussels institutions of what was then the European Economic Community.
Their departure, a narrow, bureaucratic version of Britain’s, became known as the empty chair crisis.
It was resolved, as most European crises have been, through back-room haggling and an elaborate compromise ensuring that France would retain its national decision-making prerogatives on major issues.
The crisis unleashed by the British vote, however, offers no bureaucratic fix, as it involves what have long been the European project’s most vulnerable points: its remoteness from ordinary people and lack of democratic legitimacy. The European Parliament, elected by popular vote since 1979, was meant to fill this gap. But given no power to actually introduce legislation, it is mostly seen as a noisy, expensive forum that merely approves measures proposed by the Commission.
Perhaps the most significant role played by the European Parliament has been to provide a megaphone for some of the union’s most impassioned enemies, notably politicians from the U.K. Independence Party, or UKIP. The party — whose leader, Nigel Farage, and 23 followers hold seats in the assembly — campaigned fervently for Britain’s exit from the European Union.
They and allies like Boris Johnson, the former mayor of London, call the European Union a meddling and alien force, a message that has resounded elsewhere, particularly France. Marine Le Pen, the leader of France’s right-wing National Front party, wants the nation to hold its own referendum.
France’s deeply unpopular Socialist president, François Hollande, who is struggling to rescue his own political future as well as Europe’s, said on Wednesday that drastic change was needed. “Keeping the status quo would be the worst,” he said, “because populists would continue to challenge Europe.”
But many of the things Mr. Hollande and like-minded European politicians want to see, such as more pooling of resources from shared European funds — are anathema to Germany, the dominant power on the Continent, which wants to enforce fiscal prudence but resists moving toward a federal state.
Speaking to reporters Wednesday, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany shut the door on any overhaul involving the revision of European treaties, a laborious process that requires referendums and has often stoked anti-European sentiment.
Ms. Merkel said Europe needed to recover its élan and inspire ordinary citizens with an ambitious vision, as the United States did with its space program.
“When Russia, many years ago, sent the first people into space, America said, ‘Now we have to send someone to the moon,’” Ms. Merkel said, citing an observation she said a fellow leader had made in private discussions. “So we have to set a positive agenda, positive goals, and try to show we have an ambition, an aspiration to produce prosperity for our people.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Flip-flops on issues can be kryptonite to presidential candidates. In 2004, President George W. Bush tagged the Democratic nominee, Senator John Kerry, as an equivocator with no core principles after Mr. Kerry inexplicably (but accurately) noted that he had actually voted for an Iraq war appropriation “before I voted against it.” One particularly devastating ad showed Mr. Kerry windsurfing, reversing course with the breeze. He never recovered.
Donald J. Trump’s own proposals have often been vague, his prepared statements often contradicted by his own off-the-cuff remarks in speeches and interviews. Yet he has so far avoided much harm, despite reversing himself — sometimes within hours — on hot-button campaign issues like immigration, abortion and economic policy.
Here, we count some of the ways Mr. Trump has vacillated.
Mr. Trump said in September that he was willing to let some Syrian refugees enter the United States despite the security risks. “Something has to be done,” he said. “It’s an unbelievable humanitarian problem.”
In December, after the Islamic State-inspired attack in San Bernardino, Calif., Mr. Trump shocked even many Republicans by proposing a religious test. “Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what the hell is going on,” he read aloud from a written statement. A day later, he elaborated, saying that customs agents would be directed to ask incoming travelers if they are Muslim, and that those who said yes would be turned away.
In May, with the Republican nomination his, Mr. Trump retreated slightly, now calling the ban merely an idea, not a proposal. “It’s a temporary ban, it hasn’t been called for yet,” he said, adding, “This is just a suggestion until we find out what’s going on.”
On June 13, Mr. Trump offered a slightly new formulation: The ban would be geographical, not religious, applying to “areas of the world where there is a proven history of terrorism against the United States, Europe or our allies.” But not just any kind of terrorism, he clarified on Twitter two hours later: The ban was only for nations “tied to Islamic terror.” Then, in Scotland last weekend, Mr. Trump said he would allow Muslims from allies like the United Kingdom to enter the United States.
Mr. Trump, who supported abortion rights until 2011, has struggled to articulate his evolution to the anti-abortion camp and has shown a lack of fluency on the details. Pressed by MSNBC’s Chris Matthews in March, he said that abortion should be banned and then said that women violating the ban should face “some sort of punishment.” He recanted within hours, saying that doctors who perform abortions should be held legally responsible; women, he said, were the victims.
On Monday, when the Supreme Court overturned a Texas law that would have restricted access to abortions, many Republicans said the ruling was further evidence that a Republican president was needed to restore the court’s conservative majority. But Mr. Trump, perhaps out of caution, remained silent.
At a Republican presidential debate in November, Mr. Trump said that “wages are too high,” and that American workers will need to “work really hard” if they want their incomes to rise. “I hate to say it, but we have to leave it where it is,” he said.
Interviewed on CNN in May, Mr. Trump said he was “open” to raising the minimum wage, though he remained concerned about the ability of American companies to compete globally. “I’m very different from most Republicans,” he said, acknowledging that the federal minimum wage of $7.25 was too low. “You have to have something that you can live on.”
Mr. Trump was long known for his warmth toward gays, including Elton John, whose civil union he publicly applauded. But since he became a candidate, his views have meandered. He has consistently opposed same-sex marriage, speaking out last year against the Supreme Court decision that legalized it, and pledging to work to overturn that ruling.
In April, he thrilled some gay rights supporters when he weighed in on a transgender bathroom bill in North Carolina, saying that people should be allowed to use whatever restroom they felt comfortable in. But hours later, he said that states should make their own decisions.
Then, after the June 12 massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla., Mr. Trump railed against the gunman for trying to hinder people’s ability to “love who they want and express their identity” — language lifted right out of the gay marriage movement.
Mr. Trump rose to prominence by describing the United States’ response to terrorism as flaccid. During a debate in February, he inched toward endorsing torture as a way to counteract the Islamic State’s barbarism. “Not since medieval times have people seen what’s going on,” Mr. Trump said of hostages decapitated by the Islamic State. “I would bring back waterboarding, and I’d bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding.”
Later, he declared that “torture works,” and called for killing the families of terrorists, a violation of international law. In March, he released a statement acknowledging the limitations imposed by laws and treaties and saying that he would not “order our military or other officials to violate those laws.”
But just a day later, he told a crowd that he would seek to change the laws barring torture. “We’re like a bunch of babies — but we’re going to stay within the laws,” he said. “But you know what we’re going to do? We’re going to have those laws broadened. Because we’re playing with two sets of rules — their rules and our rules.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Banks and other financial companies led another broad surge in United States stocks on Wednesday, turning the Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index slightly positive for the year.
It was a second day of gains for the market, which had been rattled since Friday by investor concerns over Britain’s vote to leave the European Union.
Those worries appeared to ease on Wednesday. The advance made over Tuesday and Wednesday erased more than half of the losses the American market absorbed in the two-day slide that started on Friday.
Britain’s stock market has recouped all its losses in the same stretch, but other major markets in Europe and Asia have yet to bounce back.
“The worries around Brexit are now moving from short-term worries to long-term worries, and that’s why we’re seeing this dramatic rebound in the market,” said Erik Davidson, chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank.
The S.&P. 500 index rose 34.68 points, or 1.7 percent, to 2,070. The Nasdaq composite added 87.38 points, or 1.9 percent, to 4,779.25. The Dow gained 284.96 points, or 1.6 percent, to 17,694.68.
The VIX, a gauge of expectation of future stock volatility, fell 11.3 percent on Wednesday to 16.6. It had hit 25.8 on Friday.
“The VIX is literally where it was two weeks ago,” said Tom Siomades, head of Hartford Funds’ Investment Consulting Group. He said that it appeared investors had realized “it’s going to take a long time to unwind this thing.”
Britain’s benchmark stock index, the FTSE 100, gained 3.6 percent, while the DAX in Germany rose 1.8 percent. The CAC 40 in France added 2.6 percent.
Earlier, stock markets in Asia closed broadly higher. Japan’s Nikkei 225 index rose 1.6 percent and the South Korean Kospi gained 1 percent. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index added 1.3 percent, while the Australian S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.8 percent. Stocks in Taiwan, Singapore and Indonesia also were higher.
In currency markets, the British pound recovered some of its losses this week but remained near its 31-year low. It rose to $1.3452 from $1.3343 on Tuesday.
The yen, which strengthened sharply after the British referendum, bounced back after an early slide. The dollar fell to 102.56 yen from 102.79 yen. The euro rose to $1.1124 from $1.1049.
On Wall Street, financial companies, which had taken the brunt of the selling after the British leave vote, rose 2.3 percent. The sector is still down 5.6 percent for the year.
Citigroup jumped 4.2 percent, adding $1.68 to $42.12, while American Express rose $2.02, or 3.5 percent, to $59.63. JPMorgan Chase gained $1.68, or 2.8 percent, to $61.20.
Several oil and gas production and transportation companies also notched gains as the price of crude oil rose sharply. Murphy Oil climbed $1.93, or 6.4 percent, to $32.01. Kinder Morgan rose 82 cents, or 4.6 percent, to $18.53.
The market also got a boost from new data on consumer spending and the latest batch of company deal news.
The Commerce Department said that consumer spending increased 0.4 percent in May on top of a 1.1 percent surge in April. The data underscores that consumer spending, which accounts for about 70 percent of United States economic activity, picked up in the spring after getting off to a slow start in 2016.
The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce agreed to buy bank holding company PrivateBancorp for $47 a share in cash and stock, or $3.73 billion. News of the deal sent PrivateBancorp shares up 23.3 percent. The stock added $8.36 to $44.29.
Tesaro more than doubled after the drug developer said its targeted pill for recurrent ovarian cancer prevented the disease from worsening for many months after chemotherapy ended. There is no approved maintenance treatment to keep ovarian cancer at bay after chemotherapy. The stock gained $40.19, to $77.40.
In energy futures trading, benchmark American crude surged $2.03, or 4.2 percent, to close at $49.88 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, also rose $2.03, or 4.2 percent, to close at $50.61 a barrel in London.
Among metals, gold rose $9, to $1,326.90 an ounce. Silver gained 52 cents, to $18.41 an ounce, and copper added 1 cent, to $2.19 a pound.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 1.51 percent from 1.47 percent.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTTAWA — For President Obama, foreign trips these days have increasingly become an exercise in explaining the inflamed politics of his country to nervous foreigners.
So it was here on Wednesday, when Mr. Obama joined the leaders of Canada and Mexico at a summit meeting that began as a show of North American solidarity and ended up as an attempt to repudiate the nativist and isolationist currents that are agitating politics in the United States, as well as in Europe.
With the gothic spires of Canada’s Parliament as a backdrop, Mr. Obama, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada and President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico announced a landmark agreement on climate change and extolled the benefits of a Pacific Rim trade agreement. But it was the charged words in the American election and Britain’s departure from the European Union that seized most of the attention.
Mr. Obama deplored the anti-immigrant remarks of Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, particularly his statements about Mexican immigrants. Though he never mentioned Mr. Trump by name, Mr. Obama said the next American president would have a strong interest in having a solid relationship with “our good neighbor to the south.”
Speaking at a news conference with the Canadian and Mexican leaders after their meeting, the president said that anti-immigrant appeals had a long history in the United States, but that they had never permanently curtailed the flow of people into the country.
“We should take some of this rhetoric seriously and answer it boldly and clearly,” Mr. Obama said, answering a question from a Mexican journalist, “but you shouldn’t think it is representative of how the American people think.”
Mr. Obama said he rejected the argument that the harsh tone in the American presidential campaign, or in Britain’s recent referendum on leaving the European Union, was populist. He ridiculed the notion that a candidate who worked to preserve the interests of wealthy people could be a populist.
“They don’t suddenly become populist because they say something controversial in order to win votes,” Mr. Obama said. “That’s not the measure of populism; that’s nativism or xenophobia or worse. Or it’s just cynicism.”
Mr. Peña Nieto, for his part, put Mr. Trump in a line of populist demagogues, including Hitler and Mussolini, though he, like Mr. Obama, did not use the candidate’s name. “Those political actors, by using populism and demagoguery, they choose the easiest way to solve the challenges of today’s world,” he said.
Their comments lent urgency to the North American leaders’ summit meeting, a diplomatic ritual that usually goes unnoticed by the public. This meeting, in fact, slipped from being an annual gathering during the administration of George W. Bush to once-every-few-years during Mr. Obama’s presidency.
For Mr. Trudeau, who has inherited Mr. Obama’s mantle as a change agent, the meeting was a sort of debut on the global stage. He presented the deal under which Canada, the United States and Mexico pledged to generate half their power through clean energy sources by 2025. To achieve that goal, they will seek to harmonize energy regulations, increase energy efficiency and reduce emissions of methane, a greenhouse gas.
Under Mr. Trudeau’s conservative predecessor, Stephen Harper, Canada pulled out of its commitments to the first global climate pact, the Kyoto Protocol, and clashed with the United States over Mr. Obama’s opposition to the Keystone XL oil pipeline. But Mr. Trudeau has recommitted Canada to legislative efforts to combat climate change, much as Mr. Obama did when he succeeded Mr. Bush in 2009.
For Mr. Obama, the visit was a chance to galvanize three major economies behind the advances made in the Paris climate-change accord, at a time when Britain’s vote to leave the European Union has clouded the prospects for multilateral cooperation and the durability of international agreements.
Mr. Obama said he worried that Britain’s exit from the European Union would freeze investment in the country and in Europe. The leaders also discussed the impact of Britain’s vote on trade agreements. Mexico and Canada are signatories to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the mammoth Asia-Pacific deal that has stalled in the United States, with Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, and Mr. Trump both coming out against it.
Appearing with Mr. Peña Nieto on Tuesday, a day before Mr. Obama’s arrival, Mr. Trudeau said, “We’ve seen around the world many examples of protectionism, of stepping away from trade agreements and engagements like we’re showcasing today.”
In a speech to the Canadian Parliament later in the day, Mr. Obama acknowledged that globalization had unleashed deeply disruptive forces.
“While the circumstances of Brexit may be unique to the United Kingdom,” he said, “the frustrations that people feel are not.” But an interconnected world, he argued, was irreversible. The remedy was to pursue policies like the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would level the playing field.
Mr. Obama’s relations with Mr. Harper were tense, and the president had not visited Canada since 2010. With Mr. Trudeau’s election, however, the chill has given way to an affectionate big-brother relationship. In March, Mr. Obama celebrated Mr. Trudeau during a state visit to Washington that felt at times like a passing of the torch.
“He campaigned on a message of hope and of change; his positive and optimistic vision is inspiring young people,” Mr. Obama said. “On the world stage, his country is leading on climate change and cares deeply about development, so from my perspective, what’s not to like?”
This summit meeting is being marketed as a meeting of “three amigos.” But Mr. Obama is spending less time in Ottawa than Mr. Trudeau did in Washington. After his speech to the Parliament, at which he received a rapturous reception, Mr. Obama flew home, not spending a single night in the Canadian capital.
Like most countries with a larger and more powerful neighbor, Canada has a general wariness toward the United States and its political leaders. As a result, Canadian prime ministers have generally been careful to be seen as friendly but not too cozy with American presidents.
However, there appears to be little danger of that for Mr. Trudeau when it comes to Mr. Obama. Throughout Mr. Obama’s presidency, he has not only been Canadians’ favorite American politician, he has also enjoyed higher ratings than Canadian politicians. One poll released on Wednesday found him more popular even than the charismatic Mr. Trudeau.
Perhaps more surprisingly, the fondness of Canadians for Mr. Obama transcends party lines.
Christine Campbell and her husband, Rob, woke up at 5 a.m. on Wednesday to travel from Perth, Ontario, into Ottawa to wait along Mr. Obama’s motorcade route. While she voted for Mr. Harper’s Conservatives during Canada’s election last October, she said that she had always admired Mr. Obama and that she hoped Mr. Trudeau took some tips from the American president.
“Trudeau is just starting out, he’s learning the ropes,” Ms. Campbell said as she stood at an intersection where the motorcade would soon turn. “Possibly Mr. Obama will be a good mentor for him.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BEIJING — The outspoken gatekeeper of China’s internet, who led a global push for the country’s growing state surveillance and online censorship, is relinquishing his post, state news media reported on Wednesday.
The move by Lu Wei, best known as China’s internet czar, came as a surprise to analysts. But it is unlikely to lead to any significant pullback from restrictive domestic internet controls and aggressive policies meant to wean the country off its reliance on Western technology firms.
Given the opacity of the Chinese government, it was not clear whether Mr. Lu was in trouble or in line for a promotion.
In recent years, he has become emblematic of China’s assertive stance on blocking websites, censoring content and tracking users within its borders.
In speeches at home and abroad, he publicly lectured American internet companies and politicians alike. During visits to the United States, he was celebrated by some of its best-known technology executives, including Tim Cook of Apple and Jeff Bezos of Amazon. In welcoming him to Facebook’s campus, Mark Zuckerberg showed off his copy of the speeches of China’s president, Xi Jinping.
Mr. Lu’s public appearances and travels made him stand out at home in a political scene dominated by muted bureaucrats. His frequent flamboyance also made him controversial. Since he was put in charge of the government internet information department in 2013, rumors about his fall from power have occasionally swirled, even amid what other observers pointed to as signs that he was a rising star.
One indication of his influence is that he has been the director of a powerful Chinese Communist Party committee set up to form internet policy. He has also headed the Cyberspace Administration of China since it was created by Mr. Xi in 2014.
Mr. Lu will hand over his position as head of the Cyberspace Administration to its deputy director, Xu Lin, who worked directly under Mr. Xi when the president was made the Shanghai party secretary in 2007 after a corruption scandal. A number of officials who worked with Mr. Xi during his seven months in Shanghai have been promoted in recent years.
At that time, Xinhua called Mr. Xu a “political star.” In the same report, Mr. Xi praised Mr. Xu, pointing out that he was the youngest member of the city’s standing committee and also had experience working in Tibet.
If his new appointment undoubtedly makes Mr. Xu a figure to watch, Mr. Lu’s fate is less clear. Willy Wo-Lap Lam, a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, said the fact that Mr. Lu had retained his title as the deputy head of China’s propaganda department meant it was not clear whether his departure from the Cyberspace Administration was a demotion.
“It’s too early to draw the conclusion that he’s out,” Mr. Lam said.
“He might end up getting a promotion in another area of the bureaucracy,” he said. “It’s not uncommon for these important positions to be moved around frequently.”
As head of the Cyberspace Administration, Mr. Lu personally led the charge to rein in some of China’s most outspoken social media stars. He also helped create laws dealing with technology and worked to bring China’s largest internet companies, all of them private, into closer cooperation with Beijing.
Abroad, he vocally supported China’s right to block foreign websites and censor the internet. So confrontational was he with some foreign technology companies that they complained to top government officials, like Vice Premier Wang Yang, about his heavy hand, according to an adviser to several Western technology companies who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak officially.
“Lu Wei is not exactly welcomed overseas in his attitude; this could be interpreted as a sort of conciliatory note,” said Mr. Lam, adding that it would nonetheless be unlikely to reduce the pressure Western companies are under in the Chinese market. “It doesn’t look as though Xi Jinping will take a softer line.”
Still, others expressed skepticism that such complaints would have any major impact on Chinese government personnel moves. Rogier Creemers, a researcher in Chinese law and governance at Leiden University in the Netherlands, said he believed the next move for Mr. Lu would most likely be a promotion in the propaganda department or perhaps a position running a Chinese province.
“I think we would have seen different signs if he had been taken out,” Mr. Creemers said. “Generally there would be more rumors about it. Pretty much every senior leader who has been taken out has been preceded by rumors, and we haven’t really seen anything big about Lu Wei.”
Citing a recent decline in the influence of China’s propaganda arm, Mr. Creemers said Mr. Lu might well be given the task of reinvigorating it, especially given how quickly he was able to establish the Cyberspace Administration’s control of the internet in the country.
“Lu Wei’s biggest victory was he took the government from a place where they feared technology and were behind to one where they were in control of it,” he said. “He nailed Jell-O to the wall.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When allegations surfaced last month that Facebook routinely suppressed conservative points of view in its Trending Topics news section, the company worked aggressively to convince the public that it wasn’t intentionally tilting to the left of the political spectrum.
Mark Zuckerberg, the company’s co-founder and chief executive, invited conservative luminaries to Facebook’s Silicon Valley headquarters, and over some fancy snacks, they seemed to make peace. The issue blew over. Yet it also seemed to raise deeper questions about Facebook’s power to influence how we understand what’s going on in the world.
Measured by web traffic, ad revenue and influence over the way the rest of the media makes money, Facebook has grown into the most powerful force in the news industry. But the social network has never quite labeled itself as something analogous to a news organization, and it has been both uncomfortable with and unprepared to answer questions about whether it strives to adhere to journalistic ethics.
Should we be thinking of Facebook as a news site? Is that how Facebook thinks of itself?
No, not primarily, Facebook now says. In a document posted on Wednesday, the company explained, for the first time, the “values” that govern its news feed, the scrolling list of posts that Facebook presents to its 1.65 billion users every time they log on.
Though it is couched in the anodyne language of a corporate news release, the document’s message should come as a shock to everyone in the media business. According to these values, Facebook has a single overriding purpose, and it isn’t news. Facebook is mainly for telling you what’s up with your friends and family.
Adam Mosseri, the Facebook manager in charge of the news feed, said in a recent interview that informing and entertaining users was also part of the company’s mission. But he made clear that news and entertainment were secondary pursuits.
“We think more, spend more time and work on more projects that try to help people express themselves with their friends or learn about their friends or have conversations with their friends,” he said.
As if to underscore the point, the company is making a tweak to its news feed ranking system to increase the prominence of content from your friends and family over posts by news companies and other organizations. It is also warning news companies that their traffic might decline as a result of the change.
These moves highlight a truth that tends to get lost in commentary about the social network’s influence over the news: At Facebook, informing users about the world will always take a back seat to cute pictures of babies (not that there’s anything wrong with that).
Because Facebook does not think of itself primarily as a news company, it seems to want us to stop expecting it to act like one. Whether we should, though, is a more complicated matter.
The company has long been hounded by journalists and activists over its power to shape the news through its algorithms, or the code that determines which stories you see, in the news feed.
The question of how to think about Facebook’s role in the news — and whether we should demand the same standards of accuracy, objectivity, transparency and fairness that we expect from traditional outlets — may be the primary puzzle of our new media age.
According to Facebook, the values outlined in the document have been the informal governing philosophy of its news feed since it was started a decade ago, and Mr. Zuckerberg and Chris Cox, Facebook’s chief product officer, were deeply involved in drafting the new document.
Mr. Mosseri says Facebook uses a variety of tools to make sure that the feed is delivering what users want. One of the main ones, he said, is user surveys, which give Facebook a rich trove of data. These surveys, and the fact that about 200 people are involved in building the news feed, act as a bulwark against any one person’s bias infecting it, Mr. Mosseri said. People’s preferences, and how Facebook adjusts to them, also mean that the feature will constantly change. “We view our work as only 1 percent finished,” the post says.
But in another way, Facebook’s values only further complicate our picture of the network. If Facebook does not think of its main mission as news, what should we make of all its recent overtures to news companies?
Last year it started Instant Articles, a feature that allows news companies, including The New York Times, to host their stories on Facebook. More recently, it signed contracts with lots of news companies to produce live-streaming videos. The Times is among the companies that are receiving payments from Facebook to create live videos.
Also, how should we react to the fact that for millions of Americans, Facebook has become the most important source of news about the world? The Pew Research Center found that for adults in their 20s and 30s, Facebook is far and away the most popular source of news about government and politics.
And how should news companies think about ever deeper partnerships with Facebook, in some instances relying on the company as a primary part of their business models, if Facebook is disclaiming news as its main mission — and is also promising to keep changing the news feed as it sees fit?
“This is a funny kind of transparency,” said Robyn Caplan, an analyst at the research group Data & Society. “Even though they appear to have been making a bet that news is where they want their business to go, they’re now indicating that their first priority is to maintain that environment that they’ve been known for, which is information from friends and family.”
Ms. Caplan pointed out that even when Facebook’s values do superficially align with those of the news business, at a deeper level the two sides seem to see things in very different ways.
For instance, Facebook’s document takes no stand on what kind of content it considers “informative.” Instead, informative content is in the eye of the user.
“Something that one person finds informative or interesting may be different from what another person finds informative or interesting — this could be a post about a current event, a story about your favorite celebrity, a piece of local news or a recipe,” the document says.
Facebook also steps back from any responsibility for choosing certain ideas over others. Its news feed, it says, is instead about giving you more of what you want: “Our aim is to deliver the types of stories we’ve gotten feedback that an individual person most wants to see.”
That kind of relativism is likely to strike an odd chord among old-schoolers in the media, many of whom have worried about the possibility that algorithmic news selection could reinforce people’s long-held beliefs.
In a newsroom, news isn’t just what people want to see, and ideas worth promoting aren’t just those that people click on. News is supposed to exist outside those desires; it’s supposed to be an objective good.
So while it’s good that Facebook is telling us how it thinks about the news, it’s hard not to see a turbulent future as the views of Facebook and the news industry collide.
Facebook isn’t primarily a news site, and it doesn’t see itself as a news site, except that for many users, it functions as the world’s biggest news site — and its sway, partnerships and money are now consuming the news industry. Uh-oh.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SAN FRANCISCO — For years, Facebook has courted publishers of all sizes, asking them to depend more and more on the social media giant to expand their audiences. Now, Facebook has a new message for publishers: Tamp down your expectations.
Facebook said on Wednesday that it planned to make a series of changes to its news feed algorithm so that it will more favorably promote content posted by the friends and family of users.
The side effect of those changes, the company said, is that content posted by publishers will show up less prominently in news feeds, resulting in significantly less traffic to the hundreds of news media sites that have come to rely on Facebook.
The move underscores the never-ending algorithm-tweaking that Facebook undertakes to maintain interest in its news feed, the company’s marquee feature that is seen by more than 1.65 billion users every month.
It is also a reminder that while Facebook is vastly important to the long-term growth of news media companies, from older outlets like The New York Times and The Washington Post to upstarts like BuzzFeed, Vice and Vox Media, publishers rank lower on Facebook’s list of priorities.
“There is now an expectation, in general, on the part of publishers that platforms will change, and that they won’t necessarily be informed how they will change,” said Emily Bell, director at the Tow Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia University. “This completely highlights how ownership of the user is a central tension between news producers and platforms.”
The changes will affect all types of content posted by publishers, including links, videos, live videos and photos. Facebook said it expected a drop in reach and referral traffic for publishers whose audience comes primarily to content posted by the publisher’s official Facebook page. Facebook plans to start making the changes as soon as this week.
It will have less of an impact, however, if most of a publisher’s traffic comes from individual users sharing and commenting on their stories and videos. As has long been the case, publisher content that your friends interact with will appear higher in the feed compared to posts shared directly by a publisher.
Over the last few years, publishers struggling to attract readership and draw online advertising dollars have come to view Facebook and its users as a good way to gain new audiences and lucrative revenue streams. That has resulted in closer partnerships between Facebook and publishers experimenting with new media products tailored specifically for the social media site.
Last year, for example, Facebook debuted Instant Articles, a product that allowed publishers to post articles directly to the social media site. Both Facebook and publishers described the move as a better, faster reading experience for users. Facebook is also paying a number of publishers, including The Times, to create broadcasts for Facebook Live, the company’s new live-streaming video product.
Those features will also be affected by the algorithm change.
Publishers have little choice but to deal with the changes that Facebook makes, given the dependent relationship news media companies have with the social network. Some 44 percent of adults in the United States regularly read news content on the site, according to a 2016 study by the Pew Research Center. And more than 40 percent of referral traffic to news sites comes from Facebook, according to data from Parse.ly, a digital publishing analytics company.
Publishers value the referral traffic they get from Facebook, but they increasingly fear that readers will remain on the social media site for news content rather than visit the publishers’ own properties. There is also concern that some of Facebook’s products allow it to control not just the user experience but also own much of the revenue and user data.
At a time when the relationship between publishers and Facebook is already tense, any change that de-emphasizes news content is likely to deepen concern. And Facebook’s move will be just another reminder that publishers do not have direct access to their online audiences on social platforms.
Many publishers were hesitant to talk about what Facebook’s latest algorithm change might mean for them.
Melissa Bell, vice president of growth at Vox Media, said Facebook’s decision was not surprising.
“I think it’s a characteristic of Facebook that we’ve always understood,” she said. “Facebook, at the end of the day, is a place where people want to share things that matter to them, whether it’s a news story or their child walking.”
She said Vox Media still expected to continue experimenting with Facebook’s different tools.
Other news media executives were waiting to see how the changes played out.
“I think we’ll simply have to watch it,” said Kinsey Wilson, executive vice president for product and technology at The New York Times. He added that he did not expect the move would result in a big strategy shift for the Times.
But Facebook’s news feed tweaks could be more damaging to smaller publishers that rely on the site to help raise their profile. Rob Toledo, editor and co-founder of Exstreamist.com, a site about streaming services that he said gets roughly 500,000 monthly page views, has already started looking to other platforms like Twitter because his site’s Facebook page is not adding to his audience in a significant way.
Still, Mr. Toledo said, the algorithm change was frustrating and could halve the number of Facebook users his site reached.
“It’s almost not worth it for small publishers,” he said.
Facebook has a history of unilaterally changing how material from its partners is posted on its service.
Zynga, a once powerful online game developer and former close partner of Facebook, saw a sharp downturn after Facebook made a set of changes on how its gaming-related content appeared on the social network. Zynga was also hurt by other shifts in computing, as users moved en masse from desktop computers to mobile devices.
In 2011, in one of Facebook’s earliest experiences with media publishers, The Washington Post, among others, created so-called social reader tools, a way to more easily read and share stories on Facebook. But when the products began aggressively sending Facebook users updates on what their friends had read, Facebook made a series of changes that effectively killed the apps.
Last year, the company announced that it would adjust the news feed in response to users who were “worried about missing important updates from the friends they care about” — a change that some publishers believed resulted in decreased readership.
This time, in a set of “values” the company made public in a post on Wednesday, Facebook made clear that showcasing content posted by friends and family was its top priority.
“The growth and competition in the publisher ecosystem is really, really strong,” Adam Mosseri, vice president of product management for the news feed at Facebook, said in a recent interview with reporters. “We’re worried that a lot of people using Facebook are not able to connect to friends and family as well because of that.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dan Albert’s farm is far from traditional. There are no picturesque, rolling fields, no tractors tilling soil; there is no white farmhouse or red barn. For that matter, there is no soil, or sunlight.
The farm, Farmbox Greens, is inside a two-car garage behind Mr. Albert’s Seattle home. It consists of 600 square feet of microgreens grown in vertically stacked trays beneath LED lights.
The ability to grow in such a small space is the result of hydroponics, a system in which a plant’s roots sit in nutrient-rich water instead of soil.
Microgreens — the first, tiny greens on plants like arugula, radishes and bok choy — can go from seed to harvest in less than two weeks. That enables Farmbox Greens to compete on price against produce delivered from far away.
“We are fresher and our greens last 20 to 30 percent longer than those grown outside the area,” said Mr. Albert, who co-owns the farm with his wife, Lindsay Sidlauskas.
It has revenue of under $500,000, but was profitable enough in 2014 that Mr. Albert quit his day job as a landscape architect to farm full time. He now has three employees and sells his greens to about 50 restaurants in the Seattle area, a local grocery chain and four weekly farmers’ markets.
Consumer demand for locally grown food and the decreasing price and improved efficiency of LED lighting are driving the creation of more so-called vertical farm start-ups, said Chris Higgins, editor of Urban Ag News, which follows this segment of farming.
Energy costs are still a significant barrier to success, making few vertical farms in the United States profitable. Those that are tend to be smaller ones.
They include City-Hydro, a farm built in a spare bedroom on the second floor of Larry and Zhanna Hountz’s three-story rowhouse in Baltimore. Mr. Hountz came to urban farming out of necessity. After a serious car accident, he was unable to leave his house for two years and had trouble concentrating. He couldn’t go back to his previous job as a digital security consultant.
“Zhanna had gone to the grocery store and bought some heirloom tomatoes. They were about $7 a pound,” he said. “I thought, ‘I could grow those.’”
He converted a 10-foot-by-15-foot bedroom in their house into a vertical farm. He raises 80 different varieties of microgreens that are sold to about a dozen local restaurants.
Mr. Hountz said the farm generated about $120,000 in income, and he did not plan to expand. “We want to keep it a mom-and-pop operation,” he said.
Vertical farming uses no chemical pesticides and far less water and fertilizer than traditional farms, but energy costs can be high. Even the best LED lights have only a 50 percent efficiency rate, said Bruce Bugbee, a professor of crop physiology at Utah State University who studies controlled environment agriculture. That means half the electricity is converted to heat, not light.
“Transportation costs account for about 4 percent of the energy in the food system,” Professor Bugbee said. “The energy for electric lights is much greater than that.”
The upshot is that indoor farming can produce as much as 20 times the amount of food per unit area as conventional outdoor farming, said Gene Giacomelli, the director of the Controlled Environment Agriculture Center and a professor in agricultural and biosystems engineering at the University of Arizona in Tucson. As these farms scale up, however, they will need more electricity, not just for lighting but to run equipment like pumps and fans, Mr. Giacomelli said.
Green Spirit Farms in New Buffalo, Mich., is one operation that has found a way to be profitable on a slightly bigger scale. The farm produces leafy greens like lettuce and kale in half of a 42,000-square-foot former plastics factory.
Greens are grown hydroponically, in columns of stackable trays six levels high under “frequency-specific” induction lights. The light frequency used dictates what nutrient mix the plant gets, said Milan Kluko, Green Spirit’s co-founder and chief executive.
Green Spirit runs its system mostly on off-peak energy, from 7:01 p.m. to 6:59 a.m., when rates are 30 percent lower. The frequency-specific LED lights allowed the company to cut energy use 45 percent in the last six months, while crop yields have increased by about 40 percent.
“That’s been a huge breakthrough for us,” Mr. Kluko said. The farm’s electric bill is about $7,000 a month now, and will most likely drop to $5,000 a month by year’s end, he said.
The farm employs 11 people and produces about 5,000 pounds of mixed greens a month (7,000 pounds a month in the summer), selling to restaurants and retailers within a 100-mile radius. It has raised $1.5 million from investors and its annual sales are more than $1 million.
Such successes are prompting other vertical farming operations to grow, and grow big.
Investment in food and agriculture technology start-ups was $4.6 billion in 2015, nearly double what it was in 2014, according to AgFunder, an online investment platform for the agricultural technology industry. And local foods generated $11.7 billion in sales in 2014, which is predicted to increase to $20.2 billion by 2019, according to the consumer market research firm Packaged Facts.
Edenworks, in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn, uses an aquaponic system, which allows both plants and fish to be farmed at the same time, creating a self-regulating indoor ecosystem. Tilapia are grown in tanks and their wastewater is pumped through a bioreactor where composting bacteria turn waste into fertilizer. Plants use the fertilized water to grow and then the water is returned — minus the fertilizer — to the fish tanks.
When the cost of LED lighting decreased, the company changed the greenhouse into a vertical, indoor stacked system, using shade cloth to block light and mimic a warehouse environment, said Jason Green, a co-founder and chief executive.
Edenworks, which is not profitable, has received $1.5 million in funding and intends to build a 10,000 square-foot vertical farm in a vacant Brooklyn warehouse, which is expected to open before year’s end. Mr. Green said it should produce 130,000 pounds of leafy greens and 50,000 pounds of fish annually.
Yet profitability can be elusive for aquaponic farming. According to a 2015 Department of Agriculture study on the economics of aquaponics, raising fish indoors is two to three times as expensive as raising fish in open ponds.
Such setups are also labor-intensive, with multiple systems requiring constant monitoring, in addition to harvesting and packing. A peer-reviewed survey of commercial aquaponics operations conducted in 2013 found that fewer than one-third of farms were profitable in the previous year.
Still, Mr. Green and his competitors are optimistic about the future of vertical farming. David Rosenberg, the co-founder and chief executive of AeroFarms in Newark, said although his business was not profitable, he believed that would change when it got larger. “You really need economies of scale for this to work, to address a host of complexities,” he said.
AeroFarms plans to build large vertical farms worldwide and has raised more than $70 million to fulfill its ambitions. The company grows leafy greens aeroponically — by misting the roots with a cocktail of water, nutrients and oxygen. Mr. Rosenberg said his farm was 75 times as productive per square foot as a commercial field farm.
The company is building its next farm and global headquarters in a 70,000-square-foot former steel mill in Newark. It will be the largest indoor farm in the world, Mr. Rosenberg said.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MAIDUGURI, Nigeria — Her hometown, the birthplace of Boko Haram, is filled with sad stories.
Fati Abubakar roams the streets to find the happy ones.
It is not always easy.
With a camera slung over her shoulder, Ms. Abubakar, 30, documents the people of Maiduguri, a busy capital in northeastern Nigeria, determined to show the world that life continues despite years of violence that has killed thousands of people, many in the city limits.
Inspired by Instagram accounts like @humansofny, which captures the lives of New Yorkers “one story at a time,” Ms. Abubakar snaps portraits of vendors, refugees and students, posting them to Instagram at @bitsofborno with quotations or captions that describe them.
Boko Haram has affected nearly all of her subjects in some way.
“When they say there’s an insurgency here, people assume it’s nothing but death and despair,” Ms. Abubakar said. “I want to change the image. You can see, everyday life continues.”
In Maiduguri, she has become somewhat of a celebrity. Civilian vigilante militia members posted in the city to guard against Boko Haram look out for her, beating back children who flock to her as she goes about her work.
“Bits of Borno! Bits of Borno!” a group of boys who follow her Instagram account shouted to her this month as she walked past the pool table where they were gathered. Fans of having their photos taken, they were happily indulged by her.
Ms. Abubakar gracefully wove through the crowded, chaotic Monday Market in the middle of the city as though she had wheels instead of feet under her long orange and yellow dress. Carts overflowed with onions, watermelons, peanuts, bars of soap and popcorn.
She stopped to snap a photo of a man selling flour from a wheelbarrow, white streaks across his face and hands. “We never get anything from the government,” he complained. “No water, no electricity.” The wind picked up and blew away some of his flour. Ms. Abubakar moved on.
One subject, Rhoda Yusuf, a stone-faced woman with gold hoop earrings, told Ms. Abubakar that she had moved to the city after fleeing Boko Haram fighters who were closing in on her village. She works as a housekeeper from time to time but does not earn enough to survive.
Ms. Abubakar chatted with the woman and walked away. “I asked her if there was anything else to say outside of her problems. She said no, nothing else.”
She photographed two boys, both named Abba, wearing giant straw hats. Then she squatted to speak with a beggar, an older man in a satiny white robe sitting on a bridge over a dry riverbed covered with garbage.
She takes down all their stories in curlicue handwriting in her square notebook after asking the same simple question: How is life in Maiduguri?
“Everything is expensive,” said Zanab Abubakar (no relation to Ms. Abubakar), a market shopper who came to buy food and resell it elsewhere.
Ms. Abubakar took her picture and sighed, putting down her notebook. “That’s the general theme you hear,” she said. “Even if you’re looking for happy stories.”
Usually the happiest stories come from children. And so @bitsofborno, named because Maiduguri is the capital of Borno State, is rife with photos of children playing in a swing, beaming in newly donated clothing and standing alongside a friend with arms slung around each other.
Ms. Abubakar, a slender woman with a soft voice and sharp points of view, remembers the Maiduguri of her youth as a happy place where she went to school, weddings and parties with neighbors.
“It was a very peaceful, quaint small town,” she said.
But in the mid- to late 2000s, when she was in her 20s, the insurgency began to seize Maiduguri. A firebrand named Mohammed Yusuf had been preaching in one of the neighborhoods, his speeches denouncing Western education becoming more and more radical. Ms. Abubakar recalls women starting to dress more conservatively, with gowns that stretched to the ground. Mr. Yusuf’s cultlike teachings formed the genesis of Boko Haram.
Neighbors killed neighbors. Sons ran off to join the militants, while other sons were killed by the group. Gunshots and explosions were common throughout the city.
Nigerian soldiers responded with heavy force, blasting away at the group and eventually routing much of the movement in 2009. Mr. Yusuf, the group’s founder, was killed in police custody. It seemed that Boko Haram had been defeated.
But the insurgency was far from over. Boko Haram members fled to the countryside from Maiduguri, which back then had about two million inhabitants. Villagers seeking safety from the group began pouring in, by some estimates doubling the city’s population. The desperate newcomers camped out in large groups in hospitals or college campuses, where they remain, living in squalor. The city would never be the same.
Now, yellow motorized tricycles zip across lanes of traffic; motorcycles were banned here after being used in numerous suicide bombings. Rifts have grown in what was once a tolerant community. A man sipping beer on a recent warm night at the Lake Chad Club, a private bar and tennis club, declared all Muslims were members of Boko Haram. Residents and even some aid workers denounce hostages taken by Boko Haram as willing participants in the insurgency.
And the threat of violence is all around. On Monday, two men blew themselves up after being denied entrance to a mosque, which they apparently wanted to bomb. Earlier this month, two men wearing suicide vests were gunned down before they could detonate their bombs outside the city’s central bank. And not long ago, a bomber succeeded, in a deadly explosion in front of a government building.
During the most violent parts of the insurgency in Maiduguri, Ms. Abubakar’s parents — her mother is a civil servant, her father a businessman — sent her to London for schooling. While there, she obsessively tracked the news. Hearing what people were saying about her hometown was depressing.
“Everyone focused on the trauma,” she said. “They were labeling us as post-traumatic-stress civilians. But when I came home, I saw people were bouncing back.”
Ms. Abubakar wanted to show the humanity in Maiduguri when she returned. Her photos tell stories of residents’ hard journeys to safety from their home villages and the difficulties of living in crowded Maiduguri, where there are few jobs.
But many posts are hopeful.
“I’ve been living in Maiduguri for 30 years. I love the town because of how peaceful it was before the insurgency. But because of the attacks, it has lost some of its peaceful nature. So many were killed,” reads the lengthy caption under a photo of a woman listed only as Mrs. Chidinma, pictured slouching in her shiny dress. “But still, forget the insurgency issue for a minute, we love this place. We love the people.”
Some residents are confused by Ms. Abubakar. For starters, she is not married in a region where girls marry as teenagers. And she often walks around town by herself, a risk in an area where out-of-place women are suspected of being suicide bombers.
Older women who see her roaming the city often tsk-tsk her, thinking she has no job or ambition. “They think I should be married and have kids, that I’m wandering aimless,” said Ms. Abubakar, who has a day job at an aid group. She has an undergraduate degree in nursing and a graduate degree in public health from London South Bank University.
But most of all, people are baffled by the young Muslim daughter of Maiduguri who takes photographs. Local journalists said they could recall no other female Nigerian photographer in Borno State, and few in the entire nation.
As it picks up a following, Ms. Abubakar’s work is starting to lead to help for the people she photographs. Some of her followers in recent weeks have sent donations of cash and clothing to subjects whose stories she tells.
“You can see some good coming from this,” she said.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sungevity, one of the leading national providers of rooftop solar panels, plans to merge with an asset management firm to become a publicly traded company, executives said Wednesday.
The merger with Easterly Acquisition, which is expected to be approved later this year, would give Sungevity easier access to financing to help expand its business, with a goal of bringing solar panels to every house, said Andrew Birch, the solar company’s co-founder and chief executive.
Since its founding in 2007, the company has rapidly expanded, but its market share has lagged behind publicly traded competitors like SolarCity and Sunrun, according to data compiled by GTM Research, which tracks the solar industry. The deal with Easterly, which is putting about $200 million into Sungevity, is intended to bring more mutual funds and global institutional investors into the mix.
“Solar’s now an economic proposition for tens of millions of homes across the markets that we serve, so the challenge for the industry now is, how do we scale?” Mr. Birch said. The Easterly plan, he added, “gives us access to the public market, and it gives us access to investors who are looking for exposure to that adoption curve.”
Executives from both companies expressed optimism about the deal, despite turmoil for renewable energy companies and Wall Street skepticism about the financial viability of similar rooftop solar ventures. At SunEdison, now in bankruptcy, the company’s plan to spend $2.2 billion to buy the rooftop system provider Vivint Solar shattered investor confidence and sent its stock price on a steep, downward path from which it never returned. Both SolarCity and Sunrun’s stocks are trading at less than half of their peak values, and investors and analysts have expressed doubts over Elon Musk’s plan to absorb SolarCity into Tesla, sending the carmaker’s stock price down more than 10 percent the day after the announcement.
But Sungevity’s business model is simpler, requires less capital and should prove more appealing, said Darrell Crate, chairman of Easterly, which, in a similar transaction, created a publicly traded real estate investment trust that acquires, develops and manages government-leased properties.
Sungevity — which operates in 13 states, Washington D.C. and Europe — focuses on using software to assess sites for solar and then to design, monitor and manage the systems and customer relationships. It relies on a network of partners to handle financing and installation, rather than using its own employees and equipment.
“Public shareholders appreciate simplicity, transparency and clarity,” Mr. Crate said. “The wisdom of making this a software-based, technology-enabled company allows them to scale and capture the revenue growth without having to grow head count at an equal rate.”
Executives said they expected the merger to go through by the end of the year, when Mr. Birch said he anticipated his company would break even. On approval, Sungevity’s outstanding equity and convertible debt will become shares of Easterly common stock, and Easterly will change its name to Sungevity Holdings.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LONDON — Conservative Party candidates to succeed David Cameron as prime minister started putting themselves forward on Wednesday. The Labour Party was descending further into civil war over whether its leader, Jeremy Corbyn, can keep his job while most Labour legislators want him to quit.
Given the chaos, there is growing talk that the endgame for Britain’s political crisis could be another general election, perhaps as soon as this fall, in an effort to bring some clarity to the nation’s leadership and direction after the vote last week to leave the European Union.
The current Parliament, elected in May 2015, still has nearly four years of its five-year term to run. But once the Conservatives settle on a successor to Mr. Cameron, a process that is likely to play out by September, the new prime minister may well want to secure his or her own electoral mandate, especially given the sharp turn Britain has taken and the conflicts over how and whether to proceed with the process of decoupling from Europe.
But even the question of an early general election is proving divisive.
Boris Johnson, the former mayor of London and a leader of the “Leave” campaign, has been canvassing fellow Conservative members of Parliament, seeking support for his candidacy and getting their views on the advantages of an early general election. But his main rival, Theresa May, the home secretary, who supported staying in the European Union, is considered more of a continuity candidate and may not want to go back to voters so soon, a view shared by Conservatives who were elected to their seats for the first time 13 months ago.
But it is the prospect of a quick election that has motivated Labour members in Parliament to try to oust their party leader, Mr. Corbyn, voting overwhelmingly on Tuesday for a motion of no confidence in him that is a necessary prelude to a leadership contest.
The rebels fear that under Mr. Corbyn, 67, a leftist who has repudiated what remained of the centrist New Labour movement of the Tony Blair era, the party will be crushed and they will lose their seats with an even worse showing than in last year’s general election, when the Conservatives won an outright majority.
About three-quarters of Labour’s shadow cabinet, made up of senior legislators who speak on policy for the party, have resigned this week, trying to force Mr. Corbyn to step down.
Mr. Corbyn has refused. He has said he will seek another mandate from the grass-roots members and supporters of Labour, who elected him by a substantial margin in the first place. But it is unclear whether he remains as popular among the rank and file after leading a halfhearted campaign to keep Britain in the European Union, when many traditional Labour voters chose to stay home or vote against the party’s position.
The outcome of any contest would also depend on whom the more centrist Labour legislators find to run against Mr. Corbyn. That may be Angela Eagle, a senior figure of the softer left and the daughter of a printworker, or a more centrist figure like Tom Watson, who was elected deputy leader last year. Other possible contenders include Dan Jarvis and Chuka Umunna, both of whom decided not to run against Mr. Corbyn last year, or Yvette Cooper, who did and lost.
Mr. Corbyn has “no plan for a looming general election,” Ms. Cooper said on Tuesday, urging him to resign quickly.
“Jeremy would be letting down Labour voters and communities across the country who badly need a strong Labour voice right now, and who badly need a Labour government, if he drags this out any longer,” Ms. Cooper said. “I hope he does the right thing in the party and stands down swiftly because we cannot drift and leave” the Conservatives “to shape Britain’s future.”
In Parliament on Wednesday, Mr. Cameron got in on the act, calling on Mr. Corbyn to quit and attributing to him some of the blame for the outcome of the referendum.
“It might be in my party’s interest for him to sit there,” Mr. Cameron said. “It’s not in the national interest. And I would say, ‘For heaven’s sake man, go!’ ”
For the Conservatives, there is at least a clear path toward a new leader, and Mr. Johnson and Ms. May are clear favorites. But party history suggests that favorites sometimes founder. Stephen Crabb, 43, who was recently appointed work and pensions secretary and is an up-and-coming politician with a working-class background, has also announced his candidacy, backed by the business secretary, Sajid Javid, 46, the son of a bus driver from Pakistan.
Others are likely to declare, including Jeremy Hunt, the health secretary.
Under the British system, the naming of a new prime minister from the governing party does not require a new general election. The prime minister, after all, is just the first among equals, a legislator chosen by colleagues to lead them. Parliament’s sovereignty is supreme.
But in practice, the British system has become a great deal more presidential and personality driven, so individual mandates have come to seem more important. Nearly four years without one would be a long time, especially given all the uncertainties attached to leaving the European Union and the hard choices ahead.
Some say they believe that no new leader would enjoy legitimacy without an early election.
“It surely cannot be right, as a matter of democratic principle, that only members of the Conservative Party, constituting 0.003 percent of the total electorate, should have a say in electing a new prime minister,” said Nick Clegg of the Liberal Democrats, who served as deputy prime minister to Mr. Cameron in a coalition government until last year’s general election.
Others argue that Britain is in a special situation, having voted against membership of the European Union yet having little notion of what would replace it. Before any new election, they say, the new prime minister should first negotiate a deal extracting Britain from the bloc, and then seek endorsement of it from the voters.
Graham Brady, chairman of the influential 1922 Committee of Conservative lawmakers, said that “these are difficult judgments to make,” but he added: “We have a big and complicated task to accomplish. I think that it’s entirely reasonable to expect that we, the government, should embark on that, get on with it, seek to negotiate as good an outcome as we can before the people are asked then to approve or reject that at a general election.”
But that is a high-risk option for an incoming prime minister who is likely to find that he or she cannot deliver what many of those who voted for a British exit, or “Brexit,” were promised or expected.
Even more, if a damaged Mr. Corbyn survives the coup attempt against him, the temptation among Conservatives to rush to the polls while Labour is so weak will be almost irresistible.
But a bigger lesson has been drawn from the transfer of power in June 2007, when Gordon Brown succeeded Tony Blair as prime minister with so much support in the Labour Party that there was no internal vote.
In the fall of that year, Mr. Brown appeared set to call a general election to win his own democratic mandate, only to pull back when his lead in the opinion polls began to shrink.
That moment of indecision was seen as a fatal error from which his premiership never recovered. His authority diminished, and he lost an election in 2010.
While those leaders effectively had freedom to call general elections when they wanted, the situation changed with new legislation that came into being in 2011. This law lays down a five-year parliamentary term.
Early elections can be held if agreed to by at least two-thirds of all lawmakers. There is an alternative provision that allows for an election if a motion of no confidence is passed in Parliament, and no new government is installed within two weeks.
These rules have never been tested. But the Conservatives could decide to bring themselves down in a vote of no confidence and Labour would be unable to command a majority, so new elections would be held.
Alternatively, a two-thirds majority would probably be attainable. Opposition lawmakers would be unlikely to block an early election because that would mean insisting that a prime minister without a popular mandate stay in power and make them look like they were afraid of the voters.
Parliament ultimately has the power to overturn these rules and pass a new law altering or abrogating the old one. That would be time-consuming, but if an incoming prime minister wants to call an election badly enough, it could happen.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Each week, Nate Cohn, The Upshot’s elections analyst, based in Washington, and Toni Monkovic, an Upshot editor based in New York, discuss the 2016 race and post a lightly edited transcript of their written exchange. This week, we start with: What is with all the conspiracy theories?
Toni One thing I’ve learned at The Upshot in the last year: People, from the right and the left, believe in conspiracies more than I would have thought. And elections bring out the worst of it.
The political scientists Joseph Uscinski and Joseph Parent have written that “near equal numbers of Republicans and Democrats (between 40 percent and 50 percent)” are predisposed to believe in the possibility of voter fraud if their preferred presidential candidate does not win.
“Each side believes that if they lose, cheating is to blame, and they believe it about equally. Nobody likes losing, but it appears hard for about half the country to accept that they lost fair and square.”
Nate Yeah, well, I’ve met them.
There’s a weird rhythm to it.
They dominate my Twitter feed and email when I go to bed and when I’m waking up, because that’s when other people stop tweeting — leaving only the conspiracists.
Or perhaps they all live out West.
Toni Speaking of the West, when will California election officials declare that Bernie Sanders has won the state?
Nate As far as I can tell, about half of the Bernie-conspiracy types think Sanders has won California and the media is covering it up. The other half think Hillary Clinton stole California. I assume they’ll get on the same page once the California results become official. Clinton is up by around 420,000 votes right now with 587,000 votes left to be counted — including G.O.P. ballots. He eroded her edge in the late count a bit — her edge peaked somewhere around 475,000 ballots — but obviously he’s coming nowhere close to winning.
Oh, I just got a new email.
Lisa writes: “Agree that exit polling is not the be-all and end-all, but how about millions of registered Dem voters in state after state being dropped from the rolls? How about all those provisional ballots those people cast which were never counted? If you look at ALL the evidence, there is way too much smoke for there not to be a fire.”
[Note: The reader was responding to Nate’s article on Monday about the conspiracy theory around exit polls.]
This is actually one of the more thoughtful emails I’ve gotten in a while, and it does highlight one fair complaint: A lot of things about our election system don’t look good or don’t work well, even when they work as intended.
The gradual purging of voters who haven’t voted in several elections and haven’t returned a postcard to verify their address, for instance, always raises eyebrows — even though there’s virtually no effect on election results, since most of those people have died or moved.
The provisional system is a mess (though it’s better than not being able to vote at all). There are plenty of good reasons for people to think the U.S. election system doesn’t work, even if there are basically zero reasons to think it’s “rigged” or that there’s multistate election fraud.
Toni Donald Trump may be the most conspiracy-minded major candidate in modern American history, starting with the birther movement. If he loses to Clinton, how will he and his supporters take it?
Nate Oh, that’s a great question. Do you think he’d concede?
Toni It’s traditional for the loser to congratulate the winner on election night. If he lost, I could see him taking his sweet time.
And then we may hear some interesting theories.
Nate Clinton could go down as the first candidate to win both the nomination and the presidency — perhaps even decisively — without a proper concession.
Toni That’s an amazing thought. Do you think Sanders will concede by Nov. 8?
Nate Haha, I assume so. But hey, maybe not.
Toni Shortly after our conversation about Pennsylvania last week — Trump wasn’t campaigning there, and Clinton wasn’t advertising there — a few things happened:
Trump didn’t go to Scranton. He went to Scotland.
Priorities USA, a super PAC supporting Clinton, put in a big advertising buy for Pennsylvania.
But then Trump scheduled an economic speech in western Pennsylvania, in a former steel mill town, Monessen, and he’s speaking there today (Tuesday).
Nate I think Monessen is a great place for Trump to stop. It’s a town that voted 2-to-1 for Obama, and it’s at the northern tip of this old industrial area along the Monongahela that still votes for Democrats. It’s exactly the sort of place where Trump can make additional gains among white working-class voters, and there are a lot of them — even in a part of the state where the G.O.P. has made big gains in recent cycles.
Toni And then it’s on to Maine for Trump, in Bangor. An interesting parallel: Trump could win an electoral vote in blue Maine, and Clinton could win one in red Nebraska.
Nate I think ME-2 (the 2nd Congressional District in Maine) is a good target for him, too. It’s extremely white, and it voted for Obama by only eight points.
Toni After the British referendum on Thursday, you wrote on Twitter: “Winners: polls taken over the final few weeks; losers: betting markets, the ‘who will win’ question, focusing only on the very last polls.”
There’s a lot of ground to cover there. But maybe we can touch on the polling, which for all the criticism it has received, has acquitted itself pretty well in the last year or so, particularly with regards to Trump.
Nate Well, I don’t know if I’d say it’s done well. It hasn’t been great.
Toni Better than betting markets.
Nate I don’t know; I haven’t looked at it carefully yet.
Toni Every system has flaws, but how else are we going to analyze things?
Nate I think the key is to appreciate the amount of uncertainty. There were a lot of people — apparently the entire financial markets — who really didn’t think this was a serious possibility, despite what the polls said.
Toni Let’s turn to the uncertainty over state polling. The battleground state polls have generally been pretty close, with the exception of Florida, which is an extremely important state for Republicans. It’s hard to plot a path for Republicans to win without it.
Harry Enten of FiveThirtyEight gave an example on Twitter: “I see 3 Florida polls taken since Clinton won the nomination: Clinton +3 (YouGov), Clinton +13 (St Leo), Clinton +8 (Q-Pac),” and “if Clinton won Florida/Virginia, she could lose OH, PA, NH, 1 electoral vote in Maine, Iowa, and Colorado, so long as she won Nevada/NM.”
Nate Before getting into Florida, I just want to note that the battleground state polls have generally been of fairly low quality. A lot of the better ones are from YouGov, which also shows a fairly close race nationally. The one live interview survey that is fairly comparable to the national polls is from Marquette, and it shows Clinton up nine points in Wisconsin.
That said, I’m not surprised that Florida looks so bad for the Republicans. There’s been a lot of demographic change there over the last decade, and the only reason it stayed close is because Obama did particularly poorly with white voters in Florida. It was a bad fit for him: a mix of older voters, Southern voters, Jewish voters.
Now the G.O.P. nominates Trump, who has alienated Latino voters in the state where the Republicans are most dependent on them, and the Democrats nominate Clinton, who is relatively strong among older, Jewish and Southern white voters. You can imagine this getting out of hand pretty quickly.
Toni I would think Clinton would do better with Jewish voters. She was a senator from New York, for one thing, and has worked to earn their support there. She knows them; they know her.
Nate Well, she definitely beat Obama in the ’08 primary among Jewish voters.
Clinton basically swept everywhere in South Florida in the 2016 primary, including relatively Jewish areas. It was really one of her best regions of the entire country. She won 70 percent of the vote in all of the major counties there along Florida’s Gold Coast.
Toni I encourage readers to play with this interactive website to see how hard it is for the G.O.P. to win without Florida. But there’s another terrifying map for Republicans.
Nate Silver of FiveThirtyEight wrote: “I buy Arizona as a swing state this year. It opens up some winning maps for Clinton she wouldn’t have otherwise.”
The betting markets give Democrats a 25 percent chance to win Arizona, significantly better odds than the Democrats have of flipping other long-shot states like Georgia or Missouri or Indiana.
Nate I do think Arizona could be competitive. I’m not sure I agree that it opens up too many maps for Clinton, since I think if she wins there it means that she would be carrying Florida by a wide margin.
Toni Right, it’s not really meaningful for this election. But if I were a Republican strategist looking at the long term, this map would scare me. If Democrats win Arizona in the future ... This is where the potential brand damage inflicted by Trump with Latinos could truly sting — if Arizona goes the way of California, for example.
Nate Florida’s the state that should scare them.
Toni Regarding the “autopsy” report after Republicans lost in 2012 — you and Sean Trende of RealClearPolitics and others have rightly pointed out that the importance of Latino voters was overstated for that election and even overstated for this November. There are plenty of white voters, enough for Trump to win. But for the long term? If Republicans can’t turn it around with Latinos, they’re walking into a demographic death trap.
Nate I’m honestly not sure whether I agree right now. I don’t think we know how much upside a populist-conservative party might have among white voters.
Toni O.K., that’s really interesting. Looking at, say, 2024 and 2028, a populist conservative party might make big inroads in the Midwest/Rust Belt. But that party might have a difficult time in states like Florida and Nevada and Colorado and (perhaps by then) Arizona. And then you see who comes out ahead.
Nate I think right now the future of both parties is pretty unclear. What’s clear to me is that a new set of issues and messages could replace the ones we’ve gotten very used to hearing about. I’m not sure that the 2028 presidential election will be fought over tax cuts, gay marriage, abortion, or whatever else was argued about in the last decade. Four years ago, I wasn’t really sure what the key issues would be today. Now I think we can all agree that some issues, like immigration and trade, are very potent.
Toni But if Florida is such an important state, then you can’t alienate Hispanics, or so one would think.
Nate I think it’s hard for Republicans to get to 50 percent of the vote without gains across the board: white, Hispanic, even black. If they had a big breakthrough among any one group, especially whites, that could obviate the need to gain among the others for the foreseeable future.
Right now, I’d guess that the next Republican who wins the presidency will do so without doing far better among Hispanic voters.
Toni Hmm, to be continued on that topic.
In recent weeks, Nate and Toni wondered why Donald Trump wasn’t campaigning in swing states; looked at the potential terms of surrender for Bernie Sanders; and discussed whether the superdelegate system should survive.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ISTANBUL — One man worked as a Turkish translator and was escorting tourists back to the airport. One woman, an airport worker, was looking forward to her wedding in 10 days. There were taxi drivers and a customs officer. And there was a Turkish couple who worked together, and died together, in the suicide attack Tuesday night at Istanbul Ataturk Airport that killed dozens of people and wounded more than 200.
As officials said on Wednesday that the death toll from the attack had risen to 41, details about the victims began trickling out. At least 23 of them were from Turkey, according to a Turkish official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the attack publicly.
The victims reflected the cosmopolitan and international character of Istanbul, whose airport is among the world’s busiest, a hub for tens of millions of passengers connecting to Europe, the Middle East, Africa and beyond each year. Among the victims were five Saudis, two Iraqis and one citizen each from China, Iran, Jordan, Tunisia, Ukraine and Uzbekistan, the Turkish official said.
Hours after the attack — which has not been claimed by any group, although Turkish officials said they suspected it was the work of the Islamic State — a limited number of flights resumed, and workers continued clearing debris and replacing shattered windows at the airport.
Unlike Brussels, where a terrorist attack in March closed the airport for days, Istanbul appeared determined to get back to business as usual. Under a sunny sky on Wednesday morning, cars streamed into the airport’s international terminal, where the attack occurred, almost like on a normal weekday.
But traces of the blasts lingered: Police tape marked off the site of one of the explosions on the lower arrivals area. And workers in yellow vests pounded long support bars into the concrete sidewalk, erecting a seven-foot-high metal fence dividing the road from the airport entrance.
An elderly woman, who said she was a refugee from Afghanistan, sat on gravel in the shade, near a pile of her belongings, and watched them.
Even as the airport reopened, scenes of grief played out at a nearby hospital. A young woman, wearing a brown and pink head scarf, rocked softly back and forth as an older woman embraced her, sobbing. The young woman’s husband was among the injured, and doctors had told her to prepare for the worst.
“My God, why did you take him from me?” she said, her voice breaking.
Those who survived spoke of panic and confusion, and of gunfire aimed directly at them.
A young man said he was going through a metal detector on Tuesday night when he heard shooting. He said he came under fire as the assailants advanced, shooting. He saw one person fall to the ground and dove under the X-ray machine.
Adnan Ersoy, a 56-year-old cabdriver at the hospital, said that three of his friends had been killed, and that eight had been wounded.
“They were just taxi drivers,” he said. “Good people, people who were trying to survive and earn their money.”
Passengers making their way through the first airport security checkpoint on Wednesday seemed shaken.
“It was only God’s grace that separated us from the tragedies that happened here,” said Tanika Golota, 26, a school counselor from Chicago, who was holding her 1-year-old, Mila. The Golotas, on their way home from a vacation in Portugal with a layover in Istanbul, had left the airport just 40 minutes before the explosion on Tuesday night.
“You see it on TV and you know it happens, but we are naïve to the fact that it could happen to us,” she said.
A majority of the victims appeared to be Muslims, either Turks or visitors from Muslim countries. If the bombings are confirmed to be the work of the Islamic State, it will show once again that the group, which portrays itself as defending Islam and fighting Western powers, kills far more Muslims than non-Muslims on the battlefields of Iraq and Syria or in terrorist attacks in the region.
The attack cast a pall over a city that until recently was brimming with self-confidence, projecting itself as a rambunctious, multicultural hub for the arts, with great cuisine and a dazzling history as a former imperial capital.
But a series of terrorist attacks over the last year, some attributed to the Islamic State and others to Kurdish militants, have destroyed Turkey’s image as a haven in a dangerous region, and they have damaged its once-thriving tourism industry.
The chaos enveloping Turkey — including the attacks and an enormous influx of refugees that has strained resources — vividly illustrates how the civil war in Syria has rippled outward and destabilized neighboring countries.
Turkey is grappling with growing domestic strains as well, with deep divisions between Islamists who support President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and secular and nationalist Turks who oppose what they regard as his increasingly authoritarian grip on power. Making matters worse, a war that Turkey had fought for more than three decades against Kurdish militants resumed last year, turning cities in the southeast into war zones.
On Wednesday morning, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said that early indications suggested that the Islamic State, also known as ISIS and ISIL, was behind the latest attack, although officials had not released any information about the assailants by the afternoon.
After other attacks, Turkish officials have equivocated, citing as potential culprits either the Islamic State or Kurdish militants. This, critics have said, provided the government with the pretext to crack down further on Kurdish militants, which has been a greater priority for Turkey than fighting the Islamic State.
However, some analysts said the airport attack might be a game-changer for Turkey’s approach to the Islamic State. The United States and other allies have accused Turkey of not doing enough to fight the militant group, and even of contributing to its rise by allowing fighters and weapons to pass through Turkish territory as part of a policy of supporting Syrian rebels.
“I was impressed with the rapidity with which the government said it was Daesh,” said Soli Ozel, a Turkish columnist and professor at Kadir Has University in Istanbul, using the Arabic acronym for the Islamic State. “It suggests to me that finally maybe they have learned what the hell they have done.”
John O. Brennan, the director of the Central Intelligence Agency, said on Wednesday that the attack “bears the hallmark of ISIL’s depravity,” but he did not confirm that the group was responsible.
Speaking at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington, Mr. Brennan added that the Islamic State typically does not claim responsibility for attacks in Turkey in order to send the Turkish government a grim warning but not alienate sympathizers and potential recruits in the country.
The attack came days after Turkey, which has suffered ruptures in relations with many of its neighbors in recent years, took steps to reconcile with Israel and Russia. Turkey’s relationship with Israel fell apart six years ago after Israel commandos stormed an aid flotilla bound for the Gaza Strip in violation of a blockade, killing several Turkish activists.
In November, Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet that strayed into its airspace across the Syrian border, raising tensions to a boil. But Mr. Erdogan sent a letter to the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, this week expressing remorse for shooting down the jet, and on Wednesday, the two leaders spoke by telephone.
At least part of the reason for patching up relations with Israel and Russia was to help improve Turkey’s beleaguered tourism industry, and it bore quick results: On Wednesday, Russia announced that it would lift a ban on travel to Turkey and was moving toward normalizing economic relations.
More than four million Russians went to Turkey in 2014, second only to Germans, but millions of Russian tourists stayed home this year. Moscow also banned most imports of fruits, vegetables and other agricultural goods from Turkey, but that ban is due to be lifted, as well.
President Obama telephoned President Erdogan from Air Force One on Wednesday to express his condolences for the loss of life and offer America’s help. The White House did not confirm that the Islamic State was responsible for the attack, but the press secretary, Josh Earnest, said the assault illustrated the challenge that Turkey faces because of its shared border with Syria.
Subways and streets in Istanbul were quiet on Wednesday, with tourists who had come despite previous violence — the airport bombings were the fourth suicide attack in Istanbul alone this year — trying to enjoy themselves.
“It’s really sad,” said Alex Afridi, 50, from Sacramento, who was visiting Turkey with his family and staying in a hotel in the Beyoglu neighborhood of Istanbul. “This city was already hurting. It’s an amazing city.”
Turks said they felt stunned at the dismal turn their country had taken.
“I was in a crying mood this morning, looking at the news,” said Osman Serim, 60, a businessman drinking coffee in Beyoglu. “What is going to happen? What is the hope? What is the future for young people?”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The novelist Neil Gaiman has been fascinated by Norse mythology since he was a boy. When he was about 7, he read Jack Kirby’s comic “The Mighty Thor,” about the hammer-wielding Nordic god. He moved on to Roger Lancelyn Green’s “Myths of the Norsemen,” which he read it over and over until the book fell apart.
So when an editor from W. W. Norton asked if he would be interested in writing a book about Norse mythology, Mr. Gaiman was wildly enthusiastic.
“To get the opportunity to retell the myths and poems we have inherited from the Norse was almost too good to be true,” Mr. Gaiman said in a statement released by his publisher. “I hope the scholarship is good, but much more than that, I hope that I have retold stories that read like the real thing: sometimes profound, sometimes funny, sometimes heroic, sometimes dark, and always inevitable.”
Mr. Gaiman’s forthcoming book “Norse Mythology,” which Norton will publish next February, is an almost novelistic retelling of famous myths about the gods of Asgard. The book will explore the nine Norse worlds, which are populated by elves, fire demons, the Vanir gods, humans, dwarves, giants and the dead. There are ice giants and elves, familiar deities like Thor, Odin (the wise and occasionally vengeful highest god) and Loki (the giant trickster), and a frightening doomsday scenario, Ragnarok, where the gods fight a fire giant with a flaming sword in an apocalyptic, world-ending battle.
Mr. Gaiman has often drawn on the Norse myths in his own fantasy writing. His hallucinatory fantasy novel “American Gods” features a character based on Odin. In his children’s book “Odd and the Frost Giants,” a young boy encounters a fox, an eagle and a bear who turn out to be Loki, Odin and Thor.
“Those Norse tales have accompanied me through pretty much everything I’ve done,” he said. “They ran like a vein of silver through Sandman, they were the bedrock of American Gods.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

HONG KONG — The Film Directors Guild of China raised concerns on Wednesday about the health of a prominent Tibetan director who was hospitalized this week after he was detained by the police in northwestern China.
The director, Pema Tseden, whose work includes the film “Tharlo,” was detained by the police on Saturday at the airport in Xining, where he had flown from Beijing. During his detention, Mr. Tseden “displayed health problems” that required hospitalization on Monday, the guild said in a statement.
Sonam, a producer who works with Mr. Tseden, said that security officers had used force in detaining the director but did not think that he was beaten in custody. “They grabbed him by the hair, handcuffed him behind his back and dragged him to the station,” he said.
Mr. Tseden had returned to the baggage claim area to retrieve a forgotten bag when he was confronted by airport employees, who said he should not have re-entered, said Mr. Sonam, who like some Tibetans uses one name. The staff called the police, who later ordered Mr. Tseden to serve five days of administrative detention for disturbing public order.
The Xining airport police said in a statement that Mr. Tseden was detained because he had refused repeated orders to leave the baggage claim area. However, Mr. Sonam said that the director had tried to leave once he realized he could not take his bag, but was blocked.
The police said that, because of “his refusal to cooperate” when taken from the baggage claim area, he had three cuts from handcuffs digging into his skin.
In detention, Mr. Tseden experienced high blood sugar, high blood pressure, headaches and chest pain that required he be sent to a hospital on Monday, Mr. Sonam said.
The film directors association demanded that the police answer questions about Mr. Tseden’s detention.
“We call on the related departments to quickly respond to society’s concerns and make the whole case public, including the reason for the enforcement methods used by the police and whether their procedures were within the rules, whether there are questions of the use of violence or excessive enforcement,” the statement read.
Mr. Tseden is known for films that strive to depict the reality of modern life for Tibetans and cut through the exoticism and mysticism of many portrayals of the region in China and abroad.
“Filmmakers are starting to more accurately capture the essence of life in Tibet,” he told The New York Times this month. “They are starting to let go of the old stereotypes.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

European leaders met in Brussels on Wednesday, but Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain was sent home early.
Here’s what is happening today in “Brexit” news:
• The leaders of 27 European Union countries are meeting in Brussels to discuss the British exit. Mr. Cameron showed up only briefly for a somber dinner on Tuesday, at which he told his fellow leaders that immigration was the main reason his compatriots had decided to leave the bloc.
European leaders expressed alarm: Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany said there would be economic consequences to an exit; Dalia Grybauskaite, the president of Lithuania, said “we all need to wake up and smell the coffee”; and Prime Minister Charles Michel of Belgium called Britain’s vote to withdraw “a wake-up alarm.”
Britain will have to negotiate the terms of its divorce, but only after it formally files the separation papers — a task Mr. Cameron has left to his successor.
• Lawmakers from Britain’s governing party are jockeying to replace Mr. Cameron, with the process for choosing a new Conservative Party leader opening today. Nominations close at noon on Thursday.
Boris Johnson, the former London mayor and a leader of the campaign to leave the European Union, is the favorite, but other possible candidates include Home Secretary Theresa May and Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt. Rank-and-file members will choose between finalists selected by Conservative legislators.
• The opposition Labour Party is in turmoil. Jeremy Corbyn, the party leader, lost a no-confidence vote by his fellow lawmakers on Tuesday.
And during the weekly grilling of the prime minister, Mr. Cameron angrily called on Mr. Corbyn to quit, handing him some of the blame for the “Leave” campaign’s victory.
“It might be in my party’s interest for him to sit there. It’s not in the national interest,” Mr. Cameron thundered. “And I would say, for heaven’s sake man, go!”
(Mr. Cameron’s comment seems to be a nod to remarks by Oliver Cromwell in April 1653, when, having lost patience with Parliament, he said: “You have sat too long here for any good you have been doing. Depart, I say, and let us have done with you. In the name of God, go!”)
• Secretary of State John Kerry, like many observers, has noted that a British exit might not even happen, a position that Gideon Rachman, writing in The Financial Times, also took. (My colleague Max Fisher has laid out some of the options if Britain wants to exit “Brexit.”) The London School of Economics has a blog post on how Britain could maneuver its way to a second referendum.
• If Boris Johnson — the bookies’ favorite — does take over as Conservative leader and, by extension, prime minister, what should he do? Martin Wolf offers advice in The Financial Times. Tina Brown, though, is no fan of Mr. Johnson. And Sarah Vine, a journalist and the wife of a Leave campaign leader, describes the hours after the referendum result became clear.
• In The Times’s opinion pages, Paul Anderson writes that Mr. Cameron may have held the referendum to heal rifts in the Conservative Party, yet the result caused a schism in Labour. Thomas L. Friedman says the vote is not the end of the world — but it does show us how we can get there. And Sarfraz Manzoor notes that London and the rest of England are very different places.
• Thousands gathered in Trafalgar Square on Tuesday evening to protest the results of the referendum.
Most London voters favored staying in the European Union. At the protest, the mood was one of frustration. Will Hudson, a 30-year-old management consultant, said he felt he had to “be out on the streets.” Dominic Boyce, a 25-year-old drummer, said he “felt let down by humanity.” And Stephen Lock, a 64-year-old business consultant, described it as a “total tragedy.”
• The markets look to be recovering — or is it a “dead cat bounce”?
The FTSE 100 index appears to have recovered all of its Brexit-related losses. After falling sharply in the wake of the referendum result announcement Friday morning, the London exchange closed at 6,360.06 on Wednesday. And the pound is up, after falling to three-decade lows on Monday.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In his most expansive speech to date, Donald J. Trump laid out a case on Tuesday for tearing up trade pacts and confronting China as he stood at a recycling plant near Pittsburgh.
Mr. Trump’s speech was perhaps the most forceful case he has made for the crux of his candidacy: not just that he is a businessman with a well-established personal brand, but that the days of globalism have passed, and that a new approach is necessary.
He did not suggest change in tiny increments. Instead, he forcefully challenged the decades-old shibboleths of Republican economic orthodoxy as yoked closely to pro-business interests. Mr. Trump did not expressly describe his views as nationalist, but he did call for an era of economic “Americanism.”
The speech was well delivered by a candidate who is still adjusting to the use of teleprompters. And it was the opening shot of a general election effort that is focused on winning states with large numbers of working-class white voters.
Mr. Trump came under attack over the speech from the United States Chamber of Commerce and from Democrats. But such criticisms are unlikely to hinder a candidate who has already positioned himself as an outsider and a flamethrower. The question for Mr. Trump will be whether he can maintain the tone and focus of the speech going forward.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The political arm of the Center for American Progress, a leading progressive group that is aligned with Hillary Clinton, is bringing together major Democratic figures in national security to focus attention on the stakes of the election and to highlight what they see as the damaging potential of a Trump presidency.
The project, called the National Security Leadership Alliance, will be funded by C.A.P. Action. It will feature a roster of major members of the foreign policy and national security community, including two retired four-star generals; Leon E. Panetta, the former C.I.A. director; Madeleine K. Albright, the former secretary of state; Eric H. Holder Jr., the former attorney general; and Carl Levin, the former Michigan senator. All have endorsed Mrs. Clinton.
There will be an effort to highlight precisely what, in the military arsenal, Donald J. Trump would have access to as president. Mr. Trump has been criticized for his views on foreign policy, criticisms that have been central to the case that Mrs. Clinton has made against him in an effort to describe the stakes of the 2016 presidential election. The Center for American Progress is led by a top outside adviser to Mrs. Clinton, Neera Tanden, and the new project seeks to put a spotlight on what officials are calling a progressive foreign policy vision.
“I think what brought us together is obviously a lot of concern about some of the division and polarization that we’re seeing in the world,” Mr. Panetta said in an interview. “We know we’re living in a time of great change and uncertainty.”
But he added, “The concern we have is we see these forces of division that are prepared to throw out the fundamental” principles of foreign policy in the United States over many decades.
“What we’re learning from ‘Brexit’ is that there’s a price to be paid in terms of letting out emotion dictate policy instead of responsible leadership,” he said, referring to Britain’s vote to leave the European Union. “We shouldn’t throw the baby out with the bath water.”
Mrs. Clinton and President Obama, in whose administration Mr. Panetta and Mr. Holder served, supported those who wanted Britain to remain in the European Union.
That vote has plunged Europe into uncertainty and has created tremors for the United States’ relationship with Britain. But Mr. Trump exalted in the vote in a trip to Scotland a day after the ballots were cast last week, and he drew parallels between the nationalist forces that drove it and the presidential race in the United States.
In a statement of principles, officials with the project will say they “reject the reckless use of American power and the folly of basing national security policy on ideology rather than on fact and critical thinking.”
While the project will be aimed at Mr. Trump, Mr. Panetta studiously avoided invoking his name, saying he hoped to keep the debate focused on issues and less on personalities.
The retired Gen. John R. Allen, who will also be part of the project, echoed that sentiment. While he said he had a view of the presidential race, he was not ready to share which candidate he would support.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Congressional Republicans have largely been quiet about one of their signature economic issues — free trade — since Donald J. Trump’s ascent this spring. But Britain’s vote to leave the European Union has given them a new, if narrow, opening.
Even as Mr. Trump was back to criticizing free-trade deals in a speech in Pennsylvania on Tuesday, Republicans were dipping their toes back in the topic.
In a radio interview in his home state of Wisconsin, the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, a longtime and vocal proponent of free trade, suggested that the United States and England needed to make a bilateral trade agreement once the country formally separated from the European Union.
“We would probably want to put together our own trade agreement with Great Britain, which would be easier to do, actually,” Mr. Ryan said. “I think we should make sure that our trading relationship is stable, so that our respective economies are not affected but actually improved.”
When the House returns from its recess next week, Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania, will introduce a resolution to call on the Obama administration to immediately begin the process of initiating discussions for just such a deal.
“The ‘Brexit’ referendum, for better or for worse, is behind us,” Mr. Dent said in a statement. “This was a decision for the British people to make, and they chose to leave. We must respect that decision whether we agree with it or not. Now Congress has a responsibility and interest to work with the United Kingdom, particularly when it comes to strengthening economic ties between our two great nations.”
Congressional Republicans have largely been careful not to weigh in on whether the referendum results were good policy, but to vocally emphasize the importance of Britain as an American ally. The trade notions, which will most likely gain steam next week, are a way of reiterating that point while also getting back to trade talk in a relatively noncontroversial way.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump are deadlocked less than a month before the Democratic and Republican presidential conventions, according to a new national poll of registered voters that shows the American electorate feeling disappointed in each candidate.
A Quinnipiac University survey released on Wednesday found that 42 percent supported Mrs. Clinton while 40 percent backed Mr. Trump. The poll represents a slight improvement for Mr. Trump, who trailed by four points at the beginning of the month, and has a margin of error of plus or minus two percentage points.
The numbers come as Mr. Trump has rebooted his campaign after a series of missteps, appointing a new campaign manager and sharpening his rapid-response operation. Mrs. Clinton has been aggressively taking on Mr. Trump with a series of speeches questioning his temperament and picking apart his policies.
But the contentious tenor of the campaign is turning off voters, and most of them blame Mr. Trump. Quinnipiac’s poll found that 61 percent think that the campaign is increasing hatred and prejudice in the United States, and 67 percent of those who think that attribute it to the presumptive Republican nominee.
“It would be difficult to imagine a less flattering from-the-gut reaction to Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton,” said Tim Malloy, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University poll. “Voters find themselves in the middle of a meanspirited, scorched-earth campaign between two candidates they don’t like.”
Mrs. Clinton is the heavy favorite among women, black voters, Hispanics and younger voters. Mr. Trump leads with men, white voters and those who are over the age of 65.
Voters view Mr. Trump as being stronger on the economy and better suited to handle terrorism, while Mrs. Clinton is seen as more trusted by voters on immigration and handling international crises. Mrs. Clinton also gets higher marks when it comes to being prepared to be president and for her intelligence, but Mr. Trump beats her on leadership and honesty.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WASHINGTON — A widely publicized sit-in by House Democrats. A bipartisan compromise proposal in the Senate. Neither is very likely to lead to any legislative action in Congress on gun safety this year. Election Day is too close, and most of the Republican opposition is too dug in.
But the fact that a legislative response remains elusive does not mean there has been no movement on the issue. Members of both parties say they sensed a shift in the gun debate after the mass killing in Orlando, Fla., a notable difference in attitude from the reaction on Capitol Hill after previous horrific shootings.
Eight Senate Republicans joined with 44 Democrats on a Republican-proposed compromise that would deny people on two different federal watch lists the ability to buy weapons unless they could successfully appeal that decision. Several other Republican senators showed some willingness to accept new restrictions on gun purchases if they could be structured in an acceptable way. A bipartisan companion measure also was introduced in the House.
These are incremental steps, but in the gridlocked world of gun control politics, they count for something.
One explanation for the change is that Omar Mateen, the Orlando killer, used his legally purchased firearms in the commission of a terrorist act. Some Republicans say they are willing to challenge the mind-set of no new gun control — and the National Rifle Association — in the interest of trying to prevent similar terrorist attacks.
Republicans find it much easier to explain enacting gun restrictions to constituents devoted to the Second Amendment if they can frame their position as an act against terrorism.
“The Constitution’s a sacred document, but it is not a suicide pact,” said Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina and a gun owner. “This is not hard for me. Due process is important, but at the end of the day, we are at war.”
To Democrats, any hint of daylight between some Republicans and the N.R.A. is welcome.
“For the first time in quite a while you’re seeing some Republicans buck the N.R.A.,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the No. 3 Democrat in the Senate, who is likely to be the Democratic leader next year.
After watching Democrats tie up the Senate with a 15-hour filibuster and Democrats occupy the House floor with a 25-hour sit-in that exploded on social media, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, is eager to take up other issues.
“Clearly, we have got to move on,” Mr. McConnell said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” though he added, “This is an issue, obviously, we’ll be revisiting again in the future.”
“Whether people like it or not, there is a constitutional right in our country to own and possess a firearm,” he said.
Mr. McConnell was heavily invested in making sure the compromise plan offered by Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, and opposed by the N.R.A., ended up short of the filibuster-proof level of 60 votes. He does not want to be remembered as the leader of a Republican-controlled Senate that defied the gun rights group, one of the most powerful allies of his party.
And he allowed a competing alternative by Senator Ron Johnson, Republican of Wisconsin, that probably siphoned Republican votes from the Collins plan. But the votes exposed a small universe of Republican senators who might eventually be willing to support gun restrictions in the interest of preventing terrorism, perhaps enough to eventually push a compromise proposal to the hallowed 60-vote level.
“The fact that terrorism has become intertwined with the gun issue puts greater pressure on Republican senators and Senator McConnell to get something done,” Mr. Schumer said.
Mr. Schumer and his fellow Democrats acknowledge the latest round of debate on gun control is good politics for them, particularly in swing states like New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and Ohio that will be crucial to deciding control of the Senate in November. Polls show an overwhelming majority of Americans would deny those on terrorism watch lists the ability to buy guns, which the Collins bill proposed.
As the Collins proposal gained steam after the defeat of other, more partisan proposals, Democrats discussed opposing it. They worried that strong Democratic backing would allow a handful of embattled Republicans the opportunity to cast a politically helpful gun safety vote even though no legislation would pass — an opportunity to “get well” on guns as it is known.
Democrats said they decided to give the plan their full support to show they were serious about moving ahead with gun control even though the compromise fell short of their legislative goals and could benefit some Republicans. Senators Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania, top Democratic targets, were among those voting for the Collins plan.
Though the immediate legislative prospects look dim, the gun control debate is not going to quiet down anytime soon.
Energized by the attention to their sit-in, House Democrats branded Wednesday a “National Day of Action” on guns and held news conferences and protests around the country while lawmakers were home for the Fourth of July recess. Representative Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, on Monday urged Democrats to hold family sit-ins to “keep the drumbeat for action growing.” Democrats expect to return to their guerrilla tactics when the House convenes next week. Backers of the Collins proposal say they will continue to press for added support as well.
Perceiving a shift in congressional sentiment and a distinct political advantage, gun control advocates are not about to give up now.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The original Danish version of the fairy tale “The Little Mermaid” is hardly the stuff of Hollywood: It ends bitterly with the mermaid unable to bear life as a human. But once the tale was massaged by Walt Disney, who gets a pass despite the periodic French skepticism of imports from America, the animated version became a runaway hit in France.
Now, a French synchronized swimmer is trying to translate another aspect of the American mermaid obsession: mermaiding schools. It turns out that preadolescent and adolescent girls on both sides of the Atlantic dream of being mermaids.
Julia Sardella, who spent four years in Las Vegas performing in a show that combines water ballet and aerial gymnastics, teaches the girls, and some of their mothers, how to swim gracefully after pulling on colorful leggings that end in a monofin. The classes appeal to the French love of fashion, with students donning elegant tops and tails, and are a good workout.
“It’s great for your abdominals,” said Ms. Sardella, who also practices Pilates. “One of the first things I teach is a mermaid’s movements, how it feels to swim with a tail.”
If the English word “mermaid” connotes a chaste creature, the French “sirène” brings to mind the deadly seductresses of “The Odyssey,” the Sirens, who sang so beautifully that they enticed sailors to steer their ships onto the rocks and perish.
Graduates of Ms. Sardella’s classes may aspire to become Miss Mermaid France. This year’s competition had seven entrants, who, wearing elegantly colored tails, cavorted in a large pool. The winner will compete in the International Mermaiding contest in the autumn at a resort on the Red Sea.
Ms. Sardella said that about 500 people took her introductory courses at a hotel in Marseille, with some returning for more advanced instruction. She plans to expand to Monaco and Paris.
“Some people come for curiosity,” she said, “some because they have a dream of being a mermaid.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We know the provision by nondescript names: Early entry. One and done.
I call it the Spencer Haywood rule.
The 29 underclassmen who walked across the stage during the N.B.A. draft last week at Barclays Center and shook hands with Commissioner Adam Silver should have also shaken hands with Haywood and said, “Thank you.”
From Kobe Bryant to LeBron James, every player who has gone from high school to the pros, or who has left college before completing a four-year tour of duty, owes a debt of gratitude to Haywood. At 20, he took on the N.B.A. and forced open the doors for generations of young players, including Ben Simmons and Brandon Ingram, the top two overall picks this year.
Haywood’s 1971 lawsuit, Haywood v. National Basketball Association, invalidated N.B.A. rules that said a player was ineligible for the draft until four years after his high school graduation, or the graduation of his class in the case of a dropout.
Haywood challenged the cozy arrangement between the N.C.A.A. and the N.B.A. that essentially compelled athletes to play four years in college. It was an arrangement that benefited colleges and the N.B.A., but not necessarily the players.
I visited with Haywood over the last few days. He was in Brooklyn for the draft, and the National Basketball Players Association this week screened the powerful new documentary about his life, “Full Court.”
Haywood, 67, said he had never attended the draft before.
“I’m walking through the hallways looking at players,” he said. “Their agents are saying, ‘That’s that old Spencer Haywood guy.’ They say ‘early entry,’ but they really don’t know what they’re talking about.”
Haywood is pushing for the union to make “the Spencer Haywood rule” the official name of the provision that allows underclassmen into the N.B.A. He wants the Haywood rule elevated to the Mount Rushmore of fights against the system.
“It would make a world of difference to all of the players because they’ll know that there’s a person who made that sacrifice,” he said. “They have got to know that somebody did this. You can’t leave it out in space.”
The problem with continuing to refer to this game-changing provision as “early entry” or “one and done” is that those labels fail to assign ownership to the rule and leave questions unanswered: How did it begin? Who pushed for it? Was it always like this? Was it easy to accomplish?
“Early entry” implies easy entry, that the right for young players to enter the league without waiting four years was bequeathed by the N.B.A. out of a sense of benevolence. In fact, the N.B.A. fought Haywood tooth and nail, as if the league’s survival depended on it. Caretakers of the league felt it did.
The N.B.A. argued that the influx of young players would destroy the league, that the siphoning of talent from college basketball teams would destroy college basketball and would ruin the N.B.A.’s pool of talent.
The documentary illustrates the extent to which the N.B.A. used its muscle to keep Haywood off the court, and even out of arenas, as it fought him and the Seattle SuperSonics owner Sam Schulman, who broke ranks in March 1970 when he signed Haywood.
The commissioner of the N.B.A. at the time, Walter Kennedy, invalidated that contract, arguing that Haywood was not eligible because he was not yet four years out of high school. Haywood would have been eligible to play that June.
Haywood, joined by the SuperSonics, sued the N.B.A., claiming that the league’s threatened penalties against him and Schulman for not following the draft rules violated antitrust law.
Haywood had been playing in the rival American Basketball Association for the Denver Rockets, who had drafted Haywood under a hardship exemption after his second year at the University of Detroit.
In 1971, after a blizzard of appeals and injunctions, the Supreme Court ruled by 7 to 2 in Haywood’s favor. Haywood was a Sonic — and in the N.B.A.
The N.B.A. and Schulman settled out of court. Schulman paid a fine and legal costs. But Haywood won.
Haywood’s move for officially changing the name of the rule might be misinterpreted as the egotism of a former player who wants to remain relevant.
In fact, Haywood’s stance is the legitimate argument of a Hall of Fame player whose legacy changed the course of a league and many of its players — for the better.
Haywood’s triumph was a victory for the N.B.A. as well. The league’s argument about the potential harm arising from a flood of young players was laughable.
The Spencer Haywood rule allowed the N.B.A. to expand. The league gained access to an ever deepening pool of supple young bodies. Over the next 15 years, some of the greatest players in history left college early — thanks to Haywood.
Bernard King, Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson, Isiah Thomas, Allen Iverson, James Worthy, Dominique Wilkins, Hakeem Olajuwon, Charles Barkley, Karl Malone.
“They won, even though they lost,” Haywood said of the league.
A result of the Haywood lawsuit was that the N.B.A. instituted an exception for players who could demonstrate economic hardship if they were made to wait four years after high school. In 1976, the hardship requirement was scrapped in favor of what appeared to be a completely noneconomic standard, which was early entry in exchange for ineligibility to play college basketball.
But the age of the league’s labor pool remains an issue.
The league may push a proposal that would compel players who accept scholarships to play two seasons in college before being eligible for the draft.
When we spoke after Sunday’s screening, Haywood said he was disappointed that none of the players had stayed to watch the film.
“I was really hurt,” he said.
After the screening, the union’s executive director, Michele A. Roberts, perhaps sensing Haywood’s disappointment, assured Haywood that the players did appreciate what he had done, even if none of them stayed to watch the film.
In any event, if I were Haywood, I would not care whether the players watched the movie. I’d rather they showed their gratitude by voting to change the name of the rule under which many of them gained entry into the N.B.A.
Haywood took on the N.B.A. — and won.
Call it what it is: the Spencer Haywood rule.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Just in time for the couture shows next week — couture being, perhaps, the original customization art in fashion, the one in which a customer goes to the atelier, chooses her dress and then, because it is being made for her only, has it altered as she so desires — Jimmy Choo is planning to unveil its latest innovation: not a new heel height or shape, but a collection of crystal clip-ons, buttons and bracelets that can decorate pumps and clutches and peep-toe ankle-laced stilettos (even slip-on skater shoes), the better to luxe up an otherwise simple pair of shoes according to individual desire.
“People really want to show their personality, and have something a little different,” said Sandra Choi, Jimmy Choo’s creative director.
This follows the introduction of Gucci DIY stage 2, a service in the brand’s flagship store in Milan that allows customization of jackets, tuxedos, coats and shoes. Then there’s Opening Ceremony’s new “embroidery station,” a sewing machine tucked away in the SoHo store where customers can personalize shirts and jackets with patches and graphics. The service will soon expand to hand-painting, airbrushing and hand embroidery.
We are entering an era of fashion DIY. Not do-it-yourself (we’ve all been there, got the tie-dyed T-shirt), but design-it-yourself.
If personalization has been a growing phenomenon for a while now, with brands from Ralph Lauren to Burberry to Nike and Fendi offering products for the tweaking, these programs take the practice to another level, empowering customers to make their mark on their clothing in a more elemental, and idiosyncratic, way.
Many industry insiders think it is just the beginning. Ask about the future of fashion, and the answer that is likely to come back (along with the importance of Instagram and the transformation of shows into entertainment) is personalization. After all, if you have one pair of sneakers from a designer, you don’t necessarily need another. But if you can take that pair and make it special by designing it yourself, in a way that theoretically at least no one else would do — well, then, there’s a reason to buy another pair, isn’t there?
We live in a world where individuals are increasingly encouraged to take charge of their own fate and challenge the authority of the institution: medically, educationally and now sartorially. The age of designer dictates is over; this is the dawn of designer humility.
Consider Alessandro Michele’s rationale for his Gucci service: “The way you dress is really the way you feel, the way you live, what you read, your choices. That’s what I want to put into Gucci and that’s why I decided to give our customers the possibility of customizing and creating their own Gucci products.”
But there is a fine line between giving consumers a voice and facilitating cacophony.
Before everyone gets carried away and rushes down to seize power for themselves and start decorating, it is worth pausing and acknowledging that there is a risk to all this. Not just in making a bad color choice — after all, there is a reason designers are designers and the rest of us are not: They have an understanding of fabrics and colors and what works and what does not, that has been honed over time — but in revealing your own lapses in taste or judgment.
We all have embarrassing clothing choices hidden away in our closet. DIY simply ups the ante.
This was brought home to me a few years ago when I designed my own Fendi Peekaboo bag for an article. I have rarely experienced as much anxiety as I did when faced with all those leathers and hardware options. And I didn’t even have to live with the results of my choices — someone else did (it was auctioned for charity).
Nevertheless, I was racked with self-doubt. What if I messed up? Seeing little squares of suede and nappa and trying to imagine them supersized on a tote bag was almost impossible. I spent hours hemming and hawing, and, even with the advice of the extraordinarily patient Fendi Made to Order expert, was unconvinced it would all be O.K. in the end.
Maybe that simply reveals my own lack of imagination — those who can’t do, critique — but I doubt I am alone here. It’s one thing to do what my friends and I did in high school: Take your old jeans, chop them off at the knees, slice them up the seams and make them into “new” denim skirts by inserting assorted fabrics into the middle.
It’s an entirely different thing to do something similar with an investment garment you will have for years. What you love today — what expresses your attitudes and obsessions at this political and social moment — you may find excruciatingly embarrassing tomorrow. This is especially true of things such as the patches available on Gucci and OC jackets, for example: It could seem completely apropos to decorate your bomber with, say, bees and snakes, or emojis, hamburgers and pizza, at the moment, but in two years might just seem laughable.
A young friend likened the personalization project to tattoos, only safer and less painful. But if that is the comparable then we might consider the lesson of Johnny Depp and the seemingly painful laser transformation of his “Winona Forever” ink into “Wino Forever.” To wit: Think twice (or three times) about what you choose for posterity, lest you become one of those marked, literally, by regret. Or clad in it.
Theoretically there are protections built in to the customization process, in that the options have been approved by the designer and there are advisers on hand (though how they might steer a would-be buyer away from a mistake in a world where the mantra is “the customer is always right,” I wonder). At least when it comes to the Jimmy Choo offering, nothing is irrevocable since everything is removable; the buttons come with coverings in the same fabric as the shoe or bag, so they look more like three-dimensional polka dots. Though it is more than possible to go over the top with attaching the sparkles.
Anya Hindmarch, the designer who helped restart the craze with her bag stickers — permanent decals you attach to your handbags — said she sees the safety net as the fact that she still designs the bag (the canvas); it is only the adornment that is optional.
Gucci has preselected the places where DIYers can choose to put their desired patch or initials or embroidery, and Carol Lim of Opening Ceremony said she and her co-founder, Humberto Leon, believed that their varsity jacket was recognizable enough on its own, no matter the decoration. Still, she mused, “If someone wanted to go really crazy and embellish everywhere, would we say, ‘You can’t do that?’ We haven’t so far.”
There is a lot of upside to individual expression, but do not forget: The mistakes you make will be your own.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For decades, Republicans argued for lower taxes, fewer regulations and a smaller welfare state. Democrats took up the opposite view, and voters split along familiar lines.
Whatever you think of Donald Trump, it is clear that this election has the potential to reshape the allegiances of many white working-class voters who have traditionally sided with the Democrats, and many well-educated voters who have sided with the Republicans.
Mr. Trump on Tuesday laid out a radically different economic message than Republicans have advanced, and it holds considerable appeal to white working-class Democrats. He supported renegotiating or withdrawing from Nafta, cracking down on Chinese currency manipulation, and using United States steel for domestic infrastructure — which he promises to rebuild.
Along with his departures on immigration and the welfare state, Mr. Trump is moving away from the labor fights and culture wars that defined 20th-century politics, and toward the new divide over globalization and multiculturalism that might define 21st-century politics.
Mr. Trump currently trails in most polls. But according to a 2014 study by Pew Research on political polarization, positions like those held by Mr. Trump on trade, immigration, guns and the environment have considerable support from white working-class Democrats.
Around 40 percent of white Democrats without a college degree agree that free trade has done more harm than good (exit polls showed the same thing in the Democratic primary), or think the United States should get tougher with China on economic issues. Similar numbers agree with Mr. Trump on guns and immigration. All of Mr. Trump’s stances are more popular than traditional Republican views on the welfare state or culture war issues like abortion or same-sex marriage.
The potential for Mr. Trump to break through among white working-class voters isn’t merely theoretical. Recent public opinion surveys — even those showing Mr. Trump trailing Mrs. Clinton by a wide margin — all show him leading Mrs. Clinton by a wider margin among white voters without a college degree than the margin by which Mitt Romney led President Obama in 2012. Over all, Mr. Trump leads among white voters without a college degree by a 57-to-31 margin in the last six national polls. Mr. Romney led by a 55-to-37 percent margin with those voters in a compilation of the final polls in 2012.
These gains have not been enough to give Mr. Trump an overall lead. He trails by an average of five points in the same surveys.
But the extent to which Mr. Trump is doing well among white working-class voters is important to Democrats. There are more white working-class voters than is generally believed, and Mr. Obama was stronger among these voters than typically assumed.
Mr. Trump’s speech on Tuesday was delivered in Monessen, Pa., the sort of place that typifies the overlooked Democratic resilience among white working-class voters, and that Mr. Trump needs in November. The area was once one of the most reliably Democratic parts of the country, and even today, Democrats still fare fairly well among white working-class voters. President Obama won Monessen by a 66-33 percent margin, and the town is at the tip of a region along the Monongahela River where Mr. Obama won among white working-class voters.
There are places like this — traditionally Democratic, white working-class areas where Mr. Obama still showed important strength — across the Northern United States. In Pennsylvania alone, there are similar regions along the Beaver River — north of Pittsburgh — or in the Scranton-Wilkes Barre area in northeast Pennsylvania. There’s Youngstown and Warren, Ohio — or a whole strip of towns along Lake Erie, from Toledo, Ohio, back to Erie, Pa. Many of these same areas broke heavily for Mr. Trump in the Republican primary.
We will not know until November whether Mr. Trump will attract these traditionally Democratic voters. Even if he does, he might fall far short of winning the presidency, as current polls suggest. His gains among less educated white voters have been neatly canceled by losses among well-educated voters.
This could prevent Mr. Trump from winning in states with a large white working class. A recent Marquette University poll showed Mr. Trump winning by seven points among white working-class voters in Wisconsin. Yet Mrs. Clinton was leading by a huge 22-point margin among well-educated white voters, even though four years ago they split almost evenly between parties. The same dynamic could doom Mr. Trump in Pennsylvania.
But if you want to know why Mr. Trump is still in striking distance — why Mrs. Clinton is generally well beneath 50 percent, and not faring too much better among registered voters than Mr. Obama was in the fall of 2012 — this is why: Mr. Trump has made big gains among less educated white voters. He has adopted a platform to do it.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The pipeline giant Energy Transfer Equity said on Wednesday that it had called off a contentious deal with the Williams Companies after a Delaware judge ruled last week that the transaction could be terminated.
Energy Transfer, based in Dallas, had sought for months to kill the deal as a sharp decline in the energy markets last year made the cash-and-stock transaction untenable.
Williams and Energy Transfer had accused each other of breaching the terms of the agreement, and the deal’s value declined as a fall in oil prices hurt the financial prospects of their customers and weighed on the stock prices of both companies. The deal was valued around $38 billion, including debt, when it was reached in September.
Energy Transfer cited the inability of its lawyers to deliver the “required tax opinion” as a reason for terminating the agreement. Last week, Sam Glasscock III, the vice chancellor of the Court of Chancery in Delaware, sided with Energy Transfer, which had argued in part that the transaction may not ultimately be deemed tax-free — a condition for the deal to close.
Despite Energy Transfer’s announcement early Wednesday, the fight over the deal is far from over.
Shareholders of Williams, which is based in Tulsa, Okla., voted at a special meeting on Monday to approve the transaction, and the company filed papers to begin the appeal process in the Delaware Supreme Court.
In September, after months of trying to negotiate a deal, Energy Transfer agreed to acquire its rival in a transaction that valued Williams at $43.50 a share. Energy Transfer had tried to buy Williams a year ago, but its earlier offer — worth about $48 billion — was rejected.
But Energy Transfer appeared to have a bit of buyer’s remorse as commodity prices continued to fall last year and its investors raised concerns about the $6 billion in cash portion of the deal.
Shares of Energy Transfer closed up 6 percent at $14.41 on Tuesday, while shares of Williams were up 3 percent, at $20.64.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Public concern about faulty automobile airbags spread to a second major supplier on Wednesday, after Toyota recalled 1.43 million Prius and Lexus models equipped with bags made by Autoliv, a big Swedish-American manufacturer.
Although no injuries have been reported from the problem, there have been incidents in which the Autoliv bags deployed spontaneously in parked vehicles, sending metal pieces of the inflater into the cars’ cabins.
The problem sounded ominously similar to issues with faulty airbags made by another major supplier, Takata, which have been linked to 14 known deaths and more than 100 injuries. Takata’s airbags have been the target of the largest safety recall in automotive history.
Fourteen automakers have recalled more than 60 million Takata airbags in the United States, and millions more worldwide.
Autoliv, based in Stockholm, provides airbags to most of the major auto companies and is supplying many of the replacement inflaters being fitted in cars affected by the Takata recalls. Autoliv and Takata, together with the American supplier TRW and the Japanese maker Daicel, provide four-fifths of the global supply of airbag inflaters.
“Inflaters are one of the most complex automotive components to manufacture,” said Scott Upham, chief executive of the automotive consulting firm Valient Market Research. Airbag makers need to have extensive experience in chemistry, explosives, as well as quality control, he said.
“This is the reason why there are so few inflater suppliers in the industry,” he said.
Autoliv’s problem also underscored the challenges of overseeing the work of subcontractors in the making of crucial auto safety equipment. The company on Wednesday said substandard welds on inflaters made by a subcontractor from 2010 to 2012 were responsible for the problems leading to Toyota’s recall on Wednesday.
The recall covered two models of Toyota hybrid vehicles, the Prius and the Lexus CT200h, from 2010 to 2012. They were equipped with Autoliv side-curtain airbags, which are fitted in the car’s side roof rails and meant to protect occupants in side-impact crashes.
Toyota did not name the airbag supplier when it announced the recall in Tokyo on Wednesday, but Autoliv later identified itself and said it was cooperating with the recall.
Autoliv stressed that its airbag defect had caused no known injuries or deaths. And it was quick to distance itself from Takata’s woes, which have involved driver and front-seat passenger airbags.
“They are extremely different cases,” Thomas Jonsson, a spokesman for Autoliv, said Wednesday.
Still, the defect in the Autoliv airbag inflaters share some similarities with the fault in Takata’s, raising concerns about possible wider manufacturing and design issues. In both cases, the airbag inflater can break apart when the bag engages, sending metal parts into the car’s cabin.
And in both cases, high temperatures appear to play a role. All seven incidents known to Autoliv had occurred in parked cars in hot weather, Mr. Jonsson said. Echoing language initially used by Takata, Autoliv was still investigating the “root cause” of the defect, he said.
At the heart of Takata’s defect is its propellant, the explosive that helps inflate the airbag in a tiny fraction of a second. Takata’s propellant is based on a solid compound called ammonium nitrate, which can break down over time when exposed to moisture or high temperatures. And in its broken-down state, the compound can burn violently, causing the inflater to overpressurize and explode.
In one recent incident, a Texas teenager was killed when an inflater fragment severed an artery in her neck.
Autoliv does not use ammonium nitrate in its airbags, Mr. Jonsson said. Instead, its side-curtain inflaters use stored compressed gas and a different solid propellant to inflate the airbag.
A welding problem in metal tubing made by an Autoliv subcontractor was causing a crack to appear in the inflater, Mr. Jonsson said, and in hot conditions, the gas could overpressurize, causing the inflater to break in two.
He said the subcontractor deviated from approved manufacturing processes between 2010 and 2012, resulting in the defect. But that process has since been fixed, he said.
Mr. Jonsson disputed Toyota’s description of the defect in its filing with Japanese regulators, which warned that inflater fragments could burst into the car’s cabin. Mr. Jonsson said that in six of the seven incidents, the broken parts of the inflater had stayed put or had simply dropped out; in one case, there was “more movement.”
Autoliv supplied the inflater in question to four other automakers. Mr. Jonsson refused to name those automakers, however, saying Autoliv was not aware of any airbag incidents in their cars. Those automakers are not conducting recalls.
Autoliv said in a regulatory filing in April that it was investigating six incidents related to its airbags, and possible recall costs of $10 million to $40 million. But the details of its airbag defect had not been known.
Toyota on Wednesday issued a second recall in Japan, to fix a possible fault with a mechanism in vehicles’ fuel tanks that releases evaporated fuel.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was just after 2 a.m. when Julieanna Goddard, 26, went crowd-surfing at Kinfolk 94, a nightclub in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
The room was thick with marijuana smoke, and the 20-something crowd, clad in Supreme, Nike and Yeezy Boosts, went wild as Ms. Goddard floated overhead, like a rubber duck bobbing in a bathtub.
“This is for all my ladies who care about checks, not texts,” said Ms. Goddard, who giggled self-consciously at her ad-libbed catchphrase. She wore a black-and-white knit bodysuit, her bleached hair in braided pigtails. “Yeah, I’m corny,” she said. “So what?”
As the crowd cheered, Ms. Goddard raised her iPhone and filmed them, her hand making wobbly figure-8s over their heads, before she turned the lens onto herself, twisting her face into a silly grimace. Before the moment passed, she posted the video to Snapchat. Revelers in the crowd, in turn, filmed her filming them, and posted their videos to Snapchat, too.
For Ms. Goddard, known to her social media followers as YesJulz, it was just another day at the office.
While few in their 30s and older may know of Ms. Goddard, her digital-native followers are enthralled by her jet-setting party lifestyle, which often places her alongside celebrities at events like the N.B.A. All-Star Game and the Grammys.
In doing so, she has accrued a social media fan base including more than 365,000 followers on Instagram, 111,000 on Twitter and 8,800 on Facebook. But it is her Snapchat figure that has set her apart as the latest iteration of the social media star. Unlike the other three platforms, Snapchat does not post the number of followers on a user’s page. According to her publicist, she has 300,000 viewers (a figure that Snapchat would neither confirm nor deny).
The Huffington Post has called her “the Queen of Snapchat,” while the online lifestyle magazine Highsnobiety credits her with “changing the way brands use Snapchat.” Elite Daily, which bills itself as the voice of Generation Y, calls her a “Snapchat ‘It’ girl” who is “living the Millennial dream.”
She even gets name-checked in rap songs, including Lil Uzi Vert’s 2015 song “Wit My Crew x 1987” (“Thick white girl right on my side, she kinda look like, um, YesJulz”).
Which is fine, but what, exactly, does she do?
This is what you see if you follow YesJulz on Snapchat: Ms. Goddard in Paris in June, celebrating the 34th birthday of her friend Ronnie Fieg, the sneaker impresario, who was starting a collaboration between his brand, Kith, and Colette. After checking in to a luxe hotel (“Keeping it swaggy,” she wrote) and attending a moodily lit dinner with Chris Stamp, of the streetwear label Stampd, and Joe La Puma, of Complex, she hosted a party at the nightclub Le Baron. “Wow look at this,” read a caption, posted over a shaky shot of a gyrating crowd bathed in purple light.
The next morning, Ms. Goddard addressed the camera directly from her hotel bed, bleary-eyed and wearing a sleeping mask on her forehead. “I’m on a journey of self-awareness,” she said, while receiving a chakra cleansing of crystal therapy. “If I want to win more, I have to take care of myself.”
There are lots of shots from inside airplanes and Uber taxis. This is where she tends to talk directly to the camera (“This has been one of the best days ever”) in a husky tone and with her makeup smudged.
If Instagram popularized the static selfie, Ms. Goddard uses Snapchat to bring it to life, giving us a snippet-by-snippet account of the daily chaos that surrounds her. If her life looks like a never-ending party, it’s difficult to tell if Ms. Goddard follows the party or if the party follows her.
In person, Ms. Goddard is pretty and warm, a street-slang-slinging chatterbox with Disney princess eyes. There’s something cartoonish about her energy that’s sensual and comical in equal parts, like an entrepreneurial Jessica Rabbit.
“What am I?” Ms. Goddard said over coffee at La Colombe in TriBeCa on a cold Tuesday earlier this year, clad in a gray mock turtleneck sweater, hip-hugging black pants and a downy fur coat. “Well, I’m an influencer for brands. I’m an events producer. I’m an A&R. I’m a publicist. I’m a billion things in one. I’m a host. I’m talent myself.”
“We are literally living in a time when you can say you’re something on the Internet and become that thing,” she said.
That “thing,” it turns out, is a user of Snapchat to promote herself and her clientele, which currently includes the rapper 070 Shake, Muzik headphones and the instant-messaging app Viber. “What I’m really good at,” she said, “is, if you have a TV show or movie or song or anything you’re trying to promote, I have a great way of making a couple hundred thousand people want to know about it.”
Talent agencies have taken notice. Daniel Saynt, a founder of Socialyte, an agency that specializes in influencer casting, said, “I’d be surprised if she isn’t already talking to people about a reality show because of how well her content would fit with MTV or E! Entertainment.”
But she already is the star of her own reality show, one that she extemporaneously films, directs and produces. And her teenage and 20-something fans are of a generation that prefers social media celebrities over traditional ones.
“Reality TV became so fake that people wanted real reality,” Ms. Goddard said, trying to explain her appeal. “Not from someone who’s a multimillionaire, from somebody they feel they can almost touch.”
Snapchat’s raw, charmingly lo-fi style means that it still seems undiscovered by prying grown-ups, despite its raising $1.8 billion recently and surpassing Twitter in the number of active users. And while global brands have already colonized Facebook and Instagram, Snapchat still seems on the fringe.
“On Instagram, you can be fake,” Ms. Goddard said. “You take a picture, filter it, Photoshop it, put it up and let people think that’s your life. Snapchat is the complete opposite.”
Raised in Tampa, Fla., Ms. Goddard made her mark in Miami by promoting parties at the South Beach clubs Liv and Story, where she would chaperone celebrities like Dwyane Wade and David Beckham.
Her energetic personality often made her the life of the party, so she started the YesJulz Agency in 2014 to capitalize on the nebulous intersection of night life, social media and marketing.
Though she was active on Instagram and Twitter, her game-changing moment came when Snapchat introduced the story feature in 2013, allowing users to string together short video clips to create a narrative. It seemed tailor-made for her staccato, celebrity-filled life.
She trained the camera on herself and tapped “record.” An early boost came when Ryan Seacrest named her one of the best Snapchat users to follow in 2014. Brands started calling.
“Working with someone like Julz, it gives us insight into how to stay relevant,” said Adam Petrick, the global director of marketing at Puma, which hired Ms. Goddard this year as its brand ambassador. “She’s very multifaceted and outgoing in her interests. She perfectly represents our consumer.”
In addition to wearing Puma products on Snapchat, Ms. Goddard recently shared a 40 percent discount code with her followers, and often tags posts of herself in athleisure outfits with the hashtag #PumaGal.
While Mr. Petrick declined to get into specifics of the deal, industry insiders like Mr. Saynt from Socialyte estimate that Ms. Goddard can earn anywhere from $25,000 to $1 million for a campaign. He said that his company recently booked two influencer campaigns for $200,000 each.
If the party never ends, neither does the work. Rather than complain, Ms Goddard has turned the always-on mentality into a brand-able moment, with the hashtag #NeverNotWorking.
Her work ethos was on display during New York Fashion Week in February, when she was in the city to introduce her client, 070 Shake, to record-label executives at RCA and to fellow hip-hop artists.
Ms. Goddard slid into a booth at the Midtown Italian restaurant Serafina on a cold Wednesday. She ordered a salad and tempted fate by pairing it with a glass of red wine, despite wearing a white Stella McCartney blazer. While talking, she was lit from below as she toggled between her two phones, both of which were constantly lighting up with Snapchat alerts, and one of which was getting juice from an external battery pack.
Dinner, like everything else in Ms. Goddard’s life, was quick. She had another dinner scheduled that night, along with a concert at Webster Hall, and a party after that. After settling the tab, she scrolled through her phones, scanning for anything important. Then she put it away and sighed. She had places to be.
“Things are moving so fast,” she said. “It’s hard for people not of this world to keep up. The people in the industry who were here before us didn’t grow up with a phone in their hands. They didn’t even grow up in the MySpace era. They were already famous.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ever since the mid-1980s, Thirstin Howl the 3rd had been saving everything: every photo of him and his friends, dressed in head-to-toe Polo; every last mention of his gang, the Lo Lifes, in a media publication, large or small. The clothes, the accessories, the ephemera. Over the years, his life became a museum.
“I’ve been documenting this story without even knowing I was documenting,” he said recently, discussing the impending release of “Bury Me With the Lo On,” a thick, ostentatious and loving coffee-table book that captures the history of a certain subculture of Polo obsession, beginning with the Lo Lifes, the Brooklyn gang that he helped found that terrorized department stores from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.
All of the blueprints for hip-hop’s current obsession with fashion are contained herein: the laserlike focus on brand, the lifestyle aspiration, the subversion. Today, the genre’s stars collaborate with high-fashion houses or create their own clothing lines. None of that would have been possible without the Lo Life blueprint.
The Lo Lifes formed in 1988 from the union of two shoplifting crews from Brooklyn: Ralphie’s Kids from Crown Heights, and Polo U.S.A. from Brownsville.
Thirstin Howl the 3rd — or, as he was known back then, Big Vic Lo (his real name is Victor DeJesus) — became, later in life, one of the most visible members thanks to his rapping career, in which he always kept his dedication to Polo at the tip of his tongue. (The book takes its title from his song “The Polo Rican,” but it’s not only a lyrical euphemism: In the back of the book is a picture of one Lo Life member in his coffin, wearing a Polo ski sweater.)
“Bury Me” is made up of vintage photos, largely from the Thirstin Howl archive, and regal current-day portraits of Lo Lifes and Polo obsessives shot by Tom Gould, a young photographer from Auckland, New Zealand, who moved to New York in 2009 with an interest in hip-hop and graffiti and an urge to document the culture he had studied only from afar. He met Mr. DeJesus the following year.
The result of this cross-generational collaboration is a lavishly designed book about lavish garments, worn lavishly. “That was the goal,” Mr. Gould said. “We wanted this book to be cherished and protected by the same people that love this culture and love these clothes.”
Indeed, one of the most striking aspects of this book is, in Mr. Gould’s portraits of Lo Life founders, how good the clothes themselves look, still department-store crisp despite two-plus decades of wear. Each member’s portrait is paired with vintage photos, as well as a first-person account of his relationship to the brand, often relating wild stories of teenage shoplifting.
And the book’s vintage photos are consistently thrilling, from the ones capturing parties where dozens of teenagers wore stolen Polo head to toe, to one Lo Life member’s grinning 1988 Bloomingdale’s security mug shot, which he stole from the store.
All together, it makes for a potent folk history of capitalist sedition. In a time when Polo was being made for and marketed to the aspirational white middle class, some of the most rigorously sourced collections were sitting in closets in Brooklyn housing projects. (Given the Lo Lifes’ fraught history with the Ralph Lauren company, the book comes with no official support from Ralph Lauren.)
“The first generation, it was straight ’hood,” Mr. DeJesus said. “It was criminal. You’d get robbed. You’d have to rob.” But by the mid-’90s, things were beginning to change. Polo had gained a foothold in hip-hop, and many Lo Lifes had died or were in prison. After completing the last of several prison stints in 1994, he went straight and brought his crew with him.
“Once we made that positive transition,” he said, shoplifting “was no longer a requirement in Lo Lifes.”
By then, a new generation of fanatics was emerging, though not stealing. “I started meeting people who were living the Lo Life culture,” Mr. DeJesus said. “They had so much more to offer than being gangster from the hood. They had talent, skill, resources: things the founders lacked, things we couldn’t acquire.”
Initially there were tensions between the generations, but those have largely been quelled. Nowadays, the community comes together at Polo clothing conventions or annual events like the Lo Life BBQ in Brooklyn, or Lo Goose on the Deuce, a gathering in Times Square.
Mr. DeJesus isn’t the Polo obsessive he once was. (“I have children, so they ransacked my collection,” he said.) But he recently released a Lo Life clothing line, riffing on vintage Polo motifs.
“Bury Me” ends up as a vibrant capstone to a devoted life, though. It unites all the demographics: the boosters, the rappers, the collectors. “You have to respect the new generation and embrace them,” Mr. DeJesus said. “Without the new generation, you would just be a story of the past.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PARIS — “Anything could happen” on the street, the photographer Bill Cunningham said in what would turn out to be one of the final videos he recorded before his death. It was one in which, with customary enthusiasm, he noted a “gale force explosion,” in the vogue for tattered jeans.
Observing that one gentleman he had photographed — Kanye West, whom Bill didn’t identify — attended the 2016 Met Gala dressed in laboriously raggedy trousers and a bejeweled Balmain jacket, the seasoned octogenarian took this latest turning in the evolution of costume in stride.
“It’s just clothing,” Bill said. “What’s the big deal?”
His was a wonderful perspective. By taking the long view, Bill maintained not just a journalist’s necessary detachment but something rarer, an ability to experience with perennial wonder the passing parade.
One thought of Bill a great deal during the past weeks — he died Saturday after being hospitalized this month as a result of a stroke — and the pleasure it would be to share with him afterward both laughter and a sense of pleasure afforded by the rich and varied and, not infrequently, wacko things designers sent onto the men’s wear runways this season.
Bill would have loved, as did this observer, the sheer improbable beauty of a Comme des Garçons Homme Plus show that took some of the themes and gestures that have preoccupied the Japanese designer Rei Kawakubo over the decades: transparency; the vulnerability of an exposed body; the formality of frock coats contrasted with the inherent intimacy of outer garments made to look like underwear; the use of signifying patterns, like those she deployed Saturday afternoon of the mute classical mouths; and the blankly unseeing eyes created by the Italian artist Piero Fornasetti.
Rendering many of the clothes in peekaboo shower-curtain PVC, Ms. Kawakubo bundled the entire enterprise into one of the protest statements she has increasingly made part of her otherwise often gnomic brief. For once, Ms. Kawakubo’s thoughts required little translation.
In response to the information barrage so defining of contemporary culture, she referenced Hans Christian Andersen’s 1837 parable of the emperor’s new clothes. It was a child who, in innocence, pointed out what was clear to everyone in the throngs assembled to greet an emperor in his new raiment: his nakedness.
Bill Cunningham was no childlike naïf. Not only was he impossible to hoodwink, he stubbornly declined to be party to his own burgeoning myth. For him, heaps of random facts are not equivalent to knowledge. Work is the only verifiable truth. In this he had a lot in common with Ms. Kawakubo, an artist of similarly ornery stripe.
But Bill was neither a grouch nor the ascetic people liked to imagine, fashion’s own St. Teresa on her bed of logs. True, he slept for years on a cot in his studio, surrounded by file cabinets.
Yet simultaneously he was living a life that, for someone by nature voyeuristic, was of the greatest indulgence. There is categorically no one in New York City who attended as many diverse parties as he did in a given night, often bicycling from one to another and sometimes back again.
Once, at a party given at the Plaza Hotel to benefit the American Academy in Rome, Bill waited futile hours for the socialite Daphne Guinness to rise from her table in order to capture her walking in a pair of heelless cantilevered Nina Ricci shoes. Eventually, he gave up and rode home to have a sandwich.
Then, determined to get his shot, he bicycled back again to the hotel at 11 p.m., by which time the call of nature had finally forced Ms. Guinness to stand up.
Bill loved to laugh, loved night life, loved the group of creative New Yorkers through whom I first met him many decades ago. For those people — the illustrator Antonio Lopez, a show of whose work is on view at El Museo del Barrio; and the assorted madcap beings they attracted like the Warhol superstar Donna Jordan, the model Pat Cleveland or any of the characters that populated the multiethnic fun house that was 1970s New York — Bill was a boon companion, always up to follow the party wherever it went.
One thought again of that Bill at the Kenzo show last Saturday morning, a fantasy of a New York night life largely improvised by gay people over the decades and now effectively kaput.
“Night life is the soul of any city,” Carol Lim and Humberto Leon, the impresarios behind Opening Ceremony and the Kenzo designers, said in their press notes. “The collection pays homage to the club lore that narrates our past and paves the way for tomorrow. Long live the venues and parties that will create and incubate the legends to come.”
Whether a label that was acquired by LVMH Moët Hennessey Louis Vuitton can generate anything resembling the euphoric experience of a night at Flamingo, Paradise Garage, the Tenth Floor, the Sound Factory, Twilo, Boy Bar, the Pyramid Club, Click & Drag, Jackie 60 and other clubs with names too raunchy to record here remains to be seen.
Yet Bill would have been — I certainly was — persuaded by the sincerity of the effort: the dance trousers, the blue-and-lime tracksuits, the slightly cheesy ribbed knits, the trousers slung low enough to reveal printed boxers hiked bellybutton high, zip up boots, the Pop-printed hoodies emblazoned “Brilliant,” the shorts cut to embarrassing gym-class lengths. (The performance artist John Sex rocked that look for a minute; Madonna soon “adapted” it from him.)
And the old-school house music, brilliantly remixed by Todd Terry, helped. Even on a bright and sunny Saturday morning at an hour when club kids are still staggering home, tunes like the Jungle Brothers’ “I’ll House You” had guests like Chloë Sevigny and the dancer-choreographer Justin Peck bobbing their heads as if the party were just getting started.
Held in the long, waning light of a northern summer evening, the music for Riccardo Tisci’s fine Givenchy show had a similar drum-and-bass vibe reminiscent of late nights at the disco. And you could almost read into his decision to add dresses to a men’s wear show parallels to a specific club demographic: of the 65 looks, 13 (roughly 20 percent) were clothes from the women’s haute couture. That is about the same proportion of women to men you might find on the floor of a typical gay dance club.
Mr. Tisci called his men “happy warriors,” and said the show was about power and money, as what is not anymore? Power here took the obvious form of military references on nylon sportswear with zippered panels at the hips and canted at kidney level; money was signified mostly through computer-generated graphic camouflage pattered from dollar bills.
The slicked-down hair on the models brought to mind the street toughs of Mr. Tisci’s southern Italian background, as did a casting that skewed in a traditionally masculine direction and well away from the northern climes and the representative pale ephebes favored now by many designers. Mirror discs on the clothes glinted from hems and peplums. Though these were allegedly references to couture techniques, they had more of the D.I.Y. look of the sparkly stuff favored by a druggie glow-stick crowd.
It was the essence of a Bill Cunningham photo essay, one of those image surveys that, though they sometimes seemed serendipitous and offhand, had been harvested as assiduously as any field study conducted by trained anthropologists.
Bill operated that way. His memory for fashion was the mainframe; algorithms organized themselves organically in his head. He had seen the Yohji Yamamoto show before, many times over.
Too modest to make much of his knowledge base, he would have found something wholesomely cheering to say about a collection of squared-off jackets, wide and high trousers, tunics and pugilist head wraps. It was a grouping that found its best expression in a phrase scrawled ungrammatically on the back of a jacket: “Yohjis for hire.” Less charitably translated, that might be rendered as “Yohjis sold out.” It hardly matters which.
This has been an odd season for some of the more reliable talents, people like Junya Watanabe, whose sneering bad boy collection — featuring models heavily inked and adorned with gnarly tufted theatrical beards that suggested someone had gone bonkers with some yak and a bottle of Ben Nye spirit gum — was rife with references to mob henchmen, darkly humorous Eastern European movies and Russian prisoners.
The result was a fairly banal commercial collection of biker jackets with quilted arms, tweed tailored coats, paisley and flash-tattoo patterns, tropical prints.
Another reliable reflex in fashion is to reference rebellion, sedition the smoke screen for one of the most conformist of cultural undertakings. Kris Van Assche erected a funfair for his Dior Homme show, roller coaster tracks illuminated with multicolored flashing lights. He used it as a backdrop for a collection of wide trousers and tidy suits that alluded to ’80s Punk and New Wave, as though adding grommets and D-rings, metallic staples or Frankenstein lacing to a garment automatically renders the wearer as cool as Arto Lindsay of DNA, say, or the ’80s filmmaker Amos Poe, or James White, the lead singer of James White and the Blacks.
It doesn’t really work like that. Posturing is doomed to fall on its face. And that, too, is a Bill Cunningham lesson. Whenever the poseurs featuring so prominently in much contemporary “street style” photography started prancing in front of Bill, he inevitably chose the moment to change the film in his camera. Far better and more honest, from his standpoint (and that of this critic) to stick to one’s knitting.
Despite her Ruritanian title (does the artistic director of Hermès men’s universe appear in the Almanac de Gotha?), Véronique Nichanian produces honestly commercial collections fully consistent with her corporate remit, something Bill would have appreciated and even honored.
The clothes Ms. Nichanian designs for this emblematic French carriage-trade label alter little from season to season. The plutocrats who wear Hermès probably own some version of her bomber jackets, narrow trousers, goatskin T-shirts, coveralls, sweaters with abstracted argyle patterns, or the drifty overcoats to guard against drafts on one’s Gulfstream V. But do they have them in citrus yellow, chartreuse or cacao?
In the lives of the rich, desire long ago supplanted need, something a keen social observer like Bill Cunningham well understood. “Never fall into the traps of the rich,” he often told me. And, while Bill may have made his own austere personal ethics a brand of ostentation (he usually demurred when society hostesses proffered him a glass of water), the point he was making still holds.
The notion of creative people consenting to their own bondage was a deeply held anathema to Bill. In his life, his practice, his person, his work, he argued for the marginal, the nut-job visionaries, kindred spirits of a man who endured his family’s disapprobation to ditch a scholarship to Harvard in order to pursue a deep interest in fashion, who refused to become a salaried wage slave until he was hit by a truck (and, finally, needed insurance), who was the standard-bearer for those with no choice but go their own way.
And so it seemed particularly appropriate that Thom Browne’s inspired and eccentric men’s wear show, which ended the current fashion cycle, began with the designer asking the assembled to pause for a moment of silence in honor of the “incomparable Bill Cunningham,” and then proceeded to show the magic that can be conjured using ordinary means. The shrewd Bill Cunningham who said of fashion, “It’s just clothes,” understood better than anyone that fashion is far more than that.
One can imagine him sitting in the front row of Mr. Browne’s show as models in white face and wearing outsized boiler suits paraded onto a set resembling a beach of black sand, centered on a palm tree that looked post-apocalypse and — to the ominous opening bars of John Williams’s score from “Jaws” — shimmied out of those suits, revealing themselves to be wearing, say, a trompe l’oeil all-in-one wet suit with a red nylon slicker high-armhole Chesterfield overcoat, a white dyed mohair jacket and white pin-cord low-rise skinny trousers.
Bill’s glee when the models then stripped further to be seen clad in bathing singlets, accessorized finally with floral Thom Browne surfboards, can only be imagined. Sadly, this wonderful man is no more.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Among all the anxieties that Britain’s decision to leave the European Union has provoked, here’s another one: Are big banks going to be in trouble?
Taxpayers in Europe and the United State might want to know.
The Brexit vote could very well be a test of whether governments have, since the financial crisis of 2008, limited the threat that large banks pose to the wider economy.
In 2008, governments around the world decided to spend huge sums bailing out their nations’ banks, underscoring that they were “too big to fail.” Brexit will go a long way toward telling us whether they still are.
Today, banks are stronger. They have more capital, meaning they borrow less money to finance their loans and trading. Lower borrowing makes them more stable. The banks also have higher reserves of liquid cash they can tap into if it becomes hard to borrow money in the markets.
So, how are they doing? Here are some ways to assess the stress in the financial system.
Watch the bank stock prices The Brexit crisis has pushed bank shares down a lot, particularly in Europe. Shares in Barclays, a large British lender that has a big presence on Wall Street, are down 24 percent since the day before the Brexit vote on June 23. Deutsche Bank, Germany’s largest lender, is off nearly 16 percent since then.
The valuations on bank stocks also look awful, particularly a yardstick called the price-to-book ratio. This effectively compares a bank’s market value with its net worth as stated in its balance sheet. If that ratio is below one, it suggests investors are skeptical about the bank. Deutsche Bank is trading at around 30 percent of its net worth, a big discount. In the United States, Bank of America is trading at just under 60 percent of its book value, a ratio even lower than in 2009, when losses from the financial crisis were still piling up.
But it can be a mistake to think that a bank is in dire trouble because its stock is slumping or its valuation looks sickly. The declines might reflect investors’ belief that it will be harder for the banks to make profits in the future, particularly if Brexit leads to a recession. Or it may be a signal that the market believes the bank will have to break itself up, or sell operations, to become more streamlined. But this is something a bank can do without help from the taxpayer.
There is, however, a situation in which a steep decline in a bank’s stock can matter: when it wants to issue new stock to shore up its balance sheet. The further a bank’s stock falls, the more it has to sell to raise the same amount of money, and that can lead to a downward spiral in the stock price that prevents the bank from selling any stock. In such circumstances, the government may step in and provide the new funds in a bailout. This may be a reason Italy’s government is reportedly considering a rescue for its banks. If that happens, it would indicate that “too big to fail” is still a problem in Europe’s fourth-largest economy.
Credit default swaps Credit default swaps were a big deal in the financial crisis. The financial instruments are bets on the creditworthiness of a company or country that borrows money. Right now, investors are particularly interested in credit default swaps tied to the creditworthiness of European banks.
Let’s look at the swaps on UniCredit, a large Italian bank. An investor on one side of the credit default swap makes a payment to an investor on the other side of the swap. The investor making the payment stands to receive a big payout if UniCredit defaults. That probably won’t happen, of course. But if the cost of that insurance against default rises because of fears stirred up by an event like the Brexit crisis, the investor who bought the insurance against default before the crisis, when it was cheaper, can now sell the swap for a profit.
And what is this swaps market telling us now about the banks? The good news: The costs of insuring against defaults by large banks is still far lower than it was during the financial crisis and when European debt markets were plunging.
The not-so-good news: The cost of the swaps has jumped since the day before the Brexit vote, by as much 30 percent in the case of many European banks, according to data from Markit. Public data on credit default swap prices for individual banks is patchy to nonexistent, but Standard & Poor’s provides a useful index for swaps on large European banks here. Remember, though, unlike with a stock index, higher is not better.
Parse central bank actions When markets panic, banks may find it hard to borrow money in the markets, one of the main ways they finance their operations. In such cases, central banks make emergency loans until the markets work again. The Bank of England has said it can make 250 billion pounds available.
But if the Brexit crisis pushes European banks to use such loans, it may be hard to track how much they are borrowing. One of the ways in which Greek banks were helped last year during the country’s debt crisis was through a loan facility called the emergency liquidity assistance. But the European Central Bank, and some national central banks, typically do not break out exactly how much each country is borrowing under that loan program, which added to the confusion last year.
Why do these loans matter in assessing what the Brexit crisis tells us about too-big-to-fail?
These emergency loans can be like bailouts, because they rescue banks that were allowed to be overly reliant on short-term borrowing. Defenders of the practice say it is fine for a central bank to lend in times of trouble, as long as it charges a sufficiently high interest rate and lends only to solvent institutions. In that case, the loans would not be bailouts. If the central banks of Europe lend to banks in the coming days, it will be important to know how strict or how generous the loan terms are, to assess what’s really happening.
So far, those who contend that the post-recession banking overhaul has significantly strengthened the system are winning the debate. Further evidence for their position: The Federal Reserve on Wednesday said that all but one of the United States’ largest banks had unconditionally passed annual stress tests, and were thus allowed to distribute money to their shareholders. But it’s too early to see if the overhaul has succeeded. The real test would be whether a major European country that uses the euro — Britain does not — voted to follow Britain out of the European Union.
It’s a frightening prospect, but it might take that to really test whether the too-big-to-fail banks can fail.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PARIS — The rain began around 8 p.m., as crowds massed in a furious bottleneck at the entrance to the Palais Galliera for Haider Ackermann’s show. The attendees were not pleased. The sky was a moody, Haider Ackermann gray, dense and melancholic, which might have suited Mr. Ackermann, the dense and melancholic Colombian-born designer, were it not the evening of his men’s show, held in the courtyard of the Paris fashion museum.
Guests were beckoned inside in twos and threes, to huddle behind the balustrades of the covered arcade, sipping chilled white wine and looking doubtfully at their tarp-coveted seats in the open air. From the backstage entrance, Mr. Ackermann peered through his round glasses, no less perturbed.
By 20 minutes after the hour, the drizzle had tapered off and the show could begin. The models slouched their circular course in a parrot-feather palette of pink, purple, orange and green — some in low-slung, droopy trousers; some in higher, tighter pants, their blotchily patterned shirts and scarves hanging loosely about them. The few female models interspersed among them wore mostly black. For Mr. Ackermann, the male wears the radiant plumage.
It was an exuberant, over-the-top collection, and all the stronger for its fabulous intensity, with the flashing spotlights and grinding music of a disco alfresco. In the front row, Abe Chabon, 13, pronounced it a hit.
“It was incredible,” he said.
Abe was attending his first fashion shows in Paris in the company of his father, the Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist Michael Chabon. Abe is a dedicated follower of fashion — he saves chore wages and his recent bar mitzvah money to buy clothes, and attended the show wearing Raf Simons, Acne Studios and Gosha Rubchinskiy. Mr. Chabon, who confessed no more than a passing interest in fashion, had pitched to GQ the idea of writing about a father-son fashion week trip, the better to understand his son’s fascination.
“Little Hypebeast, that’s his nickname,” Mr. Chabon said. “I compare it to — remember that movie ‘Little Buddha’ with Keanu Reeves?” In that film, a clutch of Tibetan monks show up on the doorstep of an ordinary American couple, convinced their young son is a reincarnated lama.
Mr. Chabon was wearing a pair of Margiela boots that his son had insisted upon — not Abe, but his brother. “We spent like an hour convincing him,” Abe said. “I wanted him to get YSL boots and my brother was like, ‘No, you need to get these!’ My brother won.”
The model Luka Sabbat, another front row attendee, wandered over, and the two exchanged reviews. Both plan to attend more shows in the coming days.
Backstage, Mr. Ackermann was slowly processing a line of well-wishers who were lined up in a bottleneck after the show as bad as the one they had been in before it.
The collection had been inspired, he said, by the young guys around him, carefree hedonists for whom partying is a calling and a duty. “They dance in the club and they sweat and they enjoy,” Mr. Ackermann said. “I just wanted to have all this happiness, all this embrace of joy.”
The blotchy prints that might have been maps or ink blots suddenly came into focus: They were sweat stains, imaginatively transformed.
The joy Mr. Ackermann channeled was, he agreed, all the more valuable in uncertain, unhappy days like these. “Very true, very true,” he said. “It’s colorful. It’s so poetic against this melancholic sky.”
He paused for a moment.
“I would have loved to have it raining,” he said with a glance upward.
“Not on you,” he added quickly, looking back at the long line of journalists and guests who had come from the outdoor seating to congratulate him. “Raining on all the guys.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Times Insider shares insights into how we work at The New York Times. In this article, Adam Liptak, The Times’s Supreme Court correspondent, describes taking preparation to an extreme.
The Supreme Court’s term starts in October, and for the nine months that follow it proceeds at a stately pace. But its end, in late June, always feels like an anxiety dream in which you have forgotten to turn in the college thesis that stands between you and graduation.
The justices are to blame. For reasons that have long puzzled scholars, they routinely save their biggest decisions for the last days of the term, creating a news pileup that was demanding enough in the print era, and creates fresh and scary challenges given the insistent needs of the digital age.
The key, then and now, is preparation. I mean this in two senses. First of all, reporters who cover the court spend the entire term preparing for its end by reading briefs, attending arguments, consulting law professors, going to conferences and interviewing lawyers and litigants. We know the cases intimately, understand the dynamics among the justices and have a good sense of the likely outcomes and consequences.
These days I also prepare in a more pedestrian way: writing up advance versions of articles that can be posted immediately after big decisions land. For the four blockbusters that arrived on Thursday and Monday — on affirmative action, immigration, public corruption and abortion — we had a total of 12 versions ready to go.
That was partly a consequence of the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. His absence meant we had to be ready for 4-4 deadlocks in several cases in addition to wins and losses. In the abortion case, I also prepared a version in which the court sent the case back to the lower courts for more proceedings, a prospect raised during oral arguments in March by Justice Anthony M. Kennedy.
Starting just before 10 o’clock both mornings, perhaps 30 reporters crammed into the court’s public information office. We were handed paper copies of decisions as soon as the justice who wrote the majority opinion started to summarize it from the bench in the courtroom upstairs. I raced to my cubicle in the press room, satisfied myself that I understood the basic message of the decision, and called Jill Agostino, an editor and my indispensable collaborator at The Times’s Washington bureau.
I told her which version to use and tweaked the occasional verb. Minutes later, we delivered the news to our readers, news that had been written weeks before.
This is no great innovation. Wire services have long prepared multiple versions of their news alerts. And I can’t say this is the way I would choose to do the job. My predecessors went to the courtroom to hear the decisions announced, and they did not write a word until they had read the written decisions with care. Their deadlines were in the early evening, and they wrote for the next day’s paper.
But we are a news organization and we have an obligation to deliver the news. After the first version of each article was posted, I promptly added a vote count, a telling quotation or two and a link to the decision. My colleagues Michael D. Shear and Julie Hirschfeld Davis, who had been in the courtroom, soon added a sense of what had happened there, focusing especially on the rare oral dissents delivered by Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr.
Then I spent perhaps an hour reading and another 90 minutes writing a full article that was posted in the early afternoon. These were more satisfying to write and added, I hope, the analysis that readers of The Times expect. A second editor, Bill Hamilton, helped me sharpen and expand these middle-game versions of the articles into what aspired to be the authoritative ones for our legacy product, the printed newspaper.
The justices did us one small favor this term: Their decisions were clear and conclusive, and they lacked the overlapping partial concurrences and dissents that can make discerning the governing principle elusive. That meant reality turned out to match one of the versions of it I had written ahead of time.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This weekend, the haute couture shows start in Paris — and a handful of new names will be welcomed to the fold. The members of Paris’s Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture have picked five guest designers to join the calendar for the season and stage shows. (Also of note: Giles Deacon, who set aside his ready-to-wear line for fall 2016, will be holding a series of presentations.) Here’s a rundown of the upcoming crop of participants at couture, which runs July 3 to 7.
The Dutch designer was previously invited to show at Couture Week in 2011, and the otherworldly garments that she sends down the runway on the ready-to-wear schedule are arguably more at home under the auspices of the Chambre Syndicale. For this collection, “I have been exploring the study of cymatics, which visualizes sound waves as evolving geometric patterns,” she says. “The collection shows a variation of organic and three-dimensional structures, new materials and techniques and biomorphic volumes.” She identifies a “dewdrop dress,” which consists of thousands of crystals embedded in a transparent silicone liquid, as a particular challenge. “Getting the material to have the right stretch, thickness and drapiness was a process of continuous experiments and fine tuning.”
The fashion collective founded by Demna Gvasalia in 2014 (who, last October, was appointed the creative director of Balenciaga) will be presenting the Vetements version of couture. It’s reportedly a series of designer collaborations with brands like Hanes, Reebok and Levi’s, for women and men, and is being billed as a spring/summer 2017 collection (though it won’t be on a see now/buy now timeline, but a regular delivery schedule).
The Pompeii-born designer’s already ornate and skillfully tailored dresses lend themselves nicely to the French notion of haute couture. He opened his own atelier in 1998, at the age of 23, and regularly shows at Milan Fashion Week — and his garments have reached the music sphere (Madonna, Rihanna and Lady Gaga, to be precise). But his main source of inspiration continues to be Naples; he calls his forthcoming couture collection, which will show on July 3, a trip around his roots. “It’s like playing a piano scale: You start on a lower note and then you arrive to the top one,” Scognamiglio says of his progression. “Couture will help me balance my other collections and bring harmony to my entire world.”
A graduate of the Royal Academy of Fine Arts Antwerp, Nakazato started his fashion label in 2009 and opened Tokyo Fashion Week in 2012. His couture debut, which he says was informed by a recent visit to Iceland and its natural phenomena, “is based on the theme of imaginary plants and living organisms from unknown stars,” he says. The garments will use an evolved version of his signature hologram material and incorporate Japanese craftsmanship through both traditional means and technological processes. “The methods and material developed in this couture collection will be made available right away in stores,” he notes. “I am currently planning a new system of combining made-to-order and ready-to-wear. This, I believe, will be the future of fashion in couture.”
“Showing a couture collection in Paris is really a homecoming for me,” says the house’s creative director and Paris-raised Gilles Mendel, not to mention an obvious fit for the red-carpet and wedding-aisle favorite. So, for his return to the French capital, Mendel created a collection “inspired by my past, by all the things that informed my taste and sense of style.” He adds: “You can definitely expect to see the most luxurious furs, including Russian Barguzin sable, ermine and natural white chinchilla, used in ways they never have been,” along with handworked gowns, all “inspired by the formal plan of the Tuileries gardens and by my late friend the artist Keith Haring.” Mendel adds that he’s excited to show the public what the house has been doing privately for some time now.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)
Good evening. Here’s the latest.
_____
1. Funerals began for some of the 41 victims of a suicide bombing at Istanbul’s main airport on Tuesday. The airport also reopened and the city appeared determined to get back to business as usual.
Turkey, which faces terrorist threats from both Islamic State militants and Kurdish groups, has endured 14 major attacks in the past year.
The government blames the Islamic State for this one, although it has not claimed responsibility.
_____
2. Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain returned to London from a European Union summit meeting, leaving the leaders of the other 27 member countries to discuss Britain’s decision to exit.
Candidates to replace Mr. Cameron when he steps down this fall have begun to come forward, and talk of an early general election is growing.
Juan Jasso, above, a Mexican-American who drew attention after video captured him enduring xenophobic insults in Manchester, said he was actually in favor of Britain’s leaving the E.U.
_____
3. There’s one thing Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump seem to agree on: toughening trade policies to protect American jobs. The two presidential contenders are deadlocked, according to a new poll, and each has the potential to draw voters from the opposite party.
We look at how Mr. Trump has shifted his stances on hot-button issues, usually with few political consequences.
_____
4. Accusations surfaced on Wednesday that the Trump Institute, a for-profit education business to which Mr. Trump lent his name and likeness, plagiarized materials from an obscure real estate manual in 2005. (The institute’s owners were a couple accused of fraud.)
The complaint comes as lawsuits from another of Mr. Trump’s forays into for-profit education, Trump University, cast a shadow over his presidential campaign.
_____
5. Mexico, Canada and the United States will use clean-energy sources to generate half their electric power by 2025, their leaders announced at a summit meeting in Canada.
Marketed as a gathering of the “three amigos,” the meeting of President Obama, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada and President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico also served as a farewell of sorts for Mr. Obama and a debut for Mr. Trudeau.
_____
6. The extradition of the Mexican drug kingpin known as El Chapo has stalled.
A lawyer for the drug lord, Joaquín Guzmán Loera, who escaped from prison twice in Mexico, said two appeals filed this week could take years to resolve.
The decision to extradite Mr. Guzmán to the United States, where he faces charges in multiple jurisdictions, was made shortly after he was recaptured in January.
_____
7. Changes are coming to your Facebook news feed, and they aren’t good for publishers. (Ahem.)
Expect more updates from your friends and family members, and fewer links posted by news media sites.
Facebook says it’s concerned that the growth of publisher posts is making it harder for users to connect with people they know.
_____
8. Wimbledon served up a David-versus-Goliath match on Wednesday, pitting Marcus Willis, who is ranked 772nd, against the third-seeded Roger Federer, above right. Federer won.
But Willis, who teaches tennis at a boat club in England, captured the hearts of fans and received a standing ovation from the crowd.
“It was a pleasure to play against him,” Federer said.
_____
9. William Shakespeare was a social climber. Previously unknown records shed new light on the playwright’s pursuit of a coat of arms on behalf of his father, which would have cemented his own status as a gentleman.
They also rebut the idea that Shakespeare wasn’t the author of the works attributed to him.
_____
10. Mermaid schools, which have been teaching girls in the United States how to swim with a tail for quite some time, are spreading to France.
The teacher who began classes in that country said 500 people took her introductory course in Marseille, and she has plans to expand. Swim on, mermaids.
_____
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.
Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing.
What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For his bookshop and website One Grand Books, the editor Aaron Hicklin asked people to name the 10 books they’d take with them if they were marooned on a desert island. Every Friday for the last year, we’ve run one of those lists on TMagazine.com. So many books have been recommended — by everyone from James Franco to Alice Waters — that it might feel like you need a lifetime (and then another one) to read them all. So, in honor of the July 4th weekend, we’re giving you that time to catch up — or at least pick a good book to bring along to the beach. Here, excerpts from 10 of the individuals who have recommended titles over the last several months. Click the link beneath each name to read their whole list. Enjoy!
“The Better Angels of Our Nature,” Steven Pinker
Proof that the world is becoming more peaceful. It’s not just a question for historians, but a profound statement about human nature and the possibility for a better future. This book may have shaped my outlook more than any other.
See more of Bill Gates’s favorite books.
“The Color Purple,” Alice Walker
Because she makes the invisible visible, and redeems people who seem irredeemable, she makes every reader feel visible and redeemable, too.
See more of Gloria Steinem’s favorite books.
“You’ve Got To Read This: Contemporary American Writers Introduce Stories That Held Them in Awe,” Ron Hansen
This anthology is like one of those fateful 20-something nights where you met a boyfriend, a best friend and got a lead on a job. It introduced me to Jim Shepard and Donald Barthelme. I often think of Amy Tan’s introduction of Molly Giles’s story, “Pie Dance.” Tan writes that upon hearing Giles read the story, she felt she didn’t yet have what it took to be a writer but she “also knew — as deeply as you can know something about yourself — that it would be worth a lifetime to try.” That’s one of the most genuine things I’ve ever heard a writer say about another writer.
See more of Sloane Crosley’s favorite books.
“A Pattern Language: Towns, Buildings, Construction,” Christopher Alexander, Sara Ishikawa and Murray Silverstein
Who needs a big place to live in? You need a front porch, you need a busy street, you need neighbors to say hello and good night to and you need a bedroom to restore yourself. This is a book you can open on any page. You might find a drawing of the narrow streets of Ethiopia, or a chapter titled “Dancing in the Streets,” which is something people have done forever.
See more of Alice Waters’s favorite books.
“What Maisie Knew,” Henry James
A brilliant social comedy seen wholly from a child’s point of view, this is a dazzling technical feat that, as always with James, deepens as it develops — like the life of the child herself. An exhilarating prelude to the great novels of his famous late phase.
See more of Alan Hollinghurst’s favorite books.
“The Fire Next Time,” James Baldwin
Basically the finest essay I’ve ever read. It’s technically two essays but it feels like one. Baldwin refused to hold anyone’s hand. He was both direct and beautiful all at once. He did not seem to write to convince you. He wrote beyond you.
See more of Ta-Nehisi Coates’s favorite books.
“Women,” Chloe Caldwell
Sexy, sexy novel/memoir hybrid that could turn anyone into a lesbian, at least for a summer.
See more of Lena Dunham’s favorite books.
“Birds of America,” Lorrie Moore
Long before I started to write in earnest, Lorrie Moore taught me you could have a woman narrator who was funny and complex and even wrongheaded. She opened up a lot of space that me and a million other women rushed into.
See more of Miranda July’s favorite books.
“The Autumn of the Patriarch,” Gabriel García Márquez
Picking a Márquez novel is a near impossible task. It’s too easy to just go with the obvious choice(s). But this is his most daring novel, and the labyrinthine twists and turns of each sentence demands undivided attention — so perfect for a desert island, then.
See more of Marlon James’ favorite books.
“Miles: The Autobiography,” Miles Davis and Quincy Troupe
If I could have a meal with anyone, it would be Miles Davis. It would be so cool to hear his stories and sit back and talk about jazz. Miles moved to New York around the same age as I did, and he was a transformative player in the evolution of jazz music as we know it. This autobiography was his chance to tell all.
See more of Marcus Samuelsson’s favorite books.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In this episode of Modern Love: The Podcast, the actor and producer Lance Reddick (“Fringe,” “The Wire”) reads the essay “In the Waiting Room of Estranged Spouses,” about a former soldier rocked by infidelity who finds hope in a chance meeting with a mother and her young son.
You can also hear the episode on iTunes and Google Play Music.
The essay, from March 2016, was written by Benjamin Hertwig, a writer and poet who lives in Western Canada. You can follow him on Twitter and Instagram.
Afterward, hear a conversation between Modern Love editor Dan Jones and Mr. Hertwig.
Mr. Reddick is on Twitter. The Baltimore native is best known for playing Lt. Cedric Daniels on “The Wire.” He also appeared on the Fox drama “Fringe” as Phillip Broyles and in the movie “White House Down” as General Caulfield. Mr. Reddick is currently in the Amazon original series “Bosch.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Summer isn’t the busiest time for buzzy hotel openings. According to Kristen Korey Pike, who owns the Atlanta travel consultancy KK Travels Worldwide, many splashy properties tend to debut in the fall. That said, there are some noteworthy lodgings that will be open for business as of this summer. Below is a list of five we’ve gathered from hotel industry experts.
Mercer Hotel Sevilla, Seville, Spain
Opening: Early September
From a Barcelona-based hotelier, Pedro Molina, the Mercer Hotel Sevilla is aiming to offer the most luxe accommodations in Seville, a city with a dearth of upscale hotels. Situated in an early 19th-century building in the heart of town, in the lively Arenal neighborhood and near the Cathedral and Royal Alcazar Palace, the property has just 12 rooms, all with sleek, contemporary furnishings. There’s also a rooftop terrace, a pool, a cocktail bar and a light-filled courtyard where guests can enjoy breakfast in the morning and drinks throughout the day. “Seville is challenging when it comes to finding upscale lodgings so this hotel has the potential to really change the game,” said Jean Pickard, a travel consultant at SmartFlyer in Atlanta. Prices from 500 euros.
Anantara Al Jabal Al Akhdar Resort, Al Jabal Al Akhdar, Oman
Opening: Late August
This hotel, according to Ms. Pike, will open up an area of Oman that travelers know little about. “It’s in the Green Mountain, which is an absolutely gorgeous part of the Middle East, and because it’s in the mountains, it enjoys a cooler climate than the rest of the region,” she said.
The 115-room resort, from the Bangkok-based hospitality brand Anantara, is perched more than 6,500 feet above sea level and has three pools including one for children; a cooking school, Spice Spoon, that specializes in Omani and Thai food; a spa with a hammam; and eight different dining options including the Omani restaurant Al Qalaa. Cultural sights such as the ancient city of Nizwa, often called the pearl of Islam, are nearby.
Prices from $500.
W Goa, Goa, India
Opening: Sept. 1
Surrounded by dramatic red cliffs and overlooking the Arabian Sea, the hotel — W’s first in India — is spread over 21 acres and situated on the hip Vagator Beach in North Goa. It has 151 rooms, a 12,000-square-foot spa and three food and beverage venues including Spice Traders, a restaurant offering a fun take on Southeast Asian street food. Bobby Zur, who owns Travel Artistry, a consultancy in Franklin Lakes, N.J., says the property is a refreshing addition to the exotic jungle-meets-beach setting. “I am intrigued by the striking contrast between W’s chic design and the centuries-old fishing village community in which it will be set. Staying here will be an interesting add-on to traditional Indian itineraries,” he said.
Prices from $208.
AndBeyond Matetsi Private Game Reserve, Zambezi River, Zimbabwe
Opening: July 15
Located on a 123,000-acre wildlife concession on the Zambezi River and 25 miles upstream from Victoria Falls, this lodge consists of two camps with nine suites each and has more amenities than most safari getaways including a state-of-the-art gym, a massage room, an 82-foot-long pool stretched along the riverbank and a wine cellar. Also, unlike many other African safari lodges, kids are welcome and entertained with AndBeyond’s WildChild program where they participate in activities such as making and using their own fishing rods and making plaster casts out of animal tracks. The biggest perk of a stay, however, may be the wildlife viewing: guests can expect to see herds of elephants and the rare sable antelope among other animals. “This property is a game-changer in the luxury lodge sector on the Zimbabwe side of the Falls for its contemporary aesthetic and wow factor rarely seen on this stretch of the Zambezi,” Mr. Zur said.
Prices from $675 per person per night.
Nickelodeon Hotels & Resorts Punta Cana, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic
Now open
In a partnership between Karisma Hotels & Resorts and Viacom International Media Networks, Nickelodeon, the popular television channel for children, is getting its own hotel. The upscale beachfront property has 208 generously sized suites with Jacuzzis and private patios and also four villas including the Pineapple Villa, inspired by SpongeBob SquarePants’s home in Bikini Bottom. Amenities at the resort include a water playground, a clubhouse for kids, a sports and entertainment center, 10 restaurants and a spa. Also, families with children can look forward to a slew of complementary perks like baby food, stroller loans, kids’ spa robes and baby bottle warmers. Ms. Pickard says that Punta Cana, with its several high-end resorts for couples, is a popular choice for honeymooners so the Nickelodeon brings in a different character to the destination. “My guess is that the property will be an instant hit with families,” she said.
Prices from $345 per person, per night, inclusive of all meals, premium alcohol and 24-hour room service. Children under 13 are free. Guests who book a stay before July 31 get a 45 percent discount off the room rate.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A suicide attack Tuesday night at Istanbul Ataturk Airport killed dozens of people and wounded more than 200. Here’s what travelers should know about the terrorist threat in Turkey, including updates on flights and areas to avoid.
Yes. The United States Department of State updated its existing travel warning regarding Turkey on June 27, one day before the attack, warning tourists of increased threats throughout the country, and that many attacks have taken place in recent months.
“Foreign and U.S. tourists have been explicitly targeted by international and indigenous terrorist organizations,” the State Department stated.
On June 7, Kurdish militants set off a car bomb near a central tourist district in Istanbul that killed 11 people.
In January, ISIS claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing in Istanbul’s historic Sultanahmet district that killed 10 foreign tourists.
In total, there have been 14 terrorist attacks in Turkey since June of last year.
The State Department is advising caution throughout the country, but there is a particular emphasis on southeastern Turkey, especially near the Syrian border.
Britain’s Foreign Office advises against all travel within six miles of the Syrian border, and all but essential travel to the remaining areas of Sirnak, Mardin, Sanlurfa, Gaziantep, Kilis and Hatay provinces.
No matter the region, the State Department advises staying away from large crowds and popular tourist destinations, political gatherings and rallies and to monitor local media.
Istanbul Ataturk Airport, Europe’s third busiest airport, has reopened, but airlines are suggesting travelers check with them regarding possible delays.
The Federal Aviation Administration has also lifted its ban on flights between Istanbul and the United States.
Turkish Airlines is allowing passengers booked on its flights to or from either Ataturk or Sabiha Gokcen airports from Tuesday through July 5 to rebook or reroute their flights without penalties until July 31. Refunds were also being offered for unused tickets. Passengers should also allow for extra time prior to check-in and boarding.
But other airlines have canceled flights. Air France canceled all but one of its Wednesday flights to and from Istanbul Ataturk Airport, but planned to operate its normal schedule on Thursday. It also was offering to let passengers postpone their trip until July 12 at no extra cost in the same ticketed cabin. After that date, passengers who no longer wish to travel can get a nonrefundable voucher valid for a year on Air France or KLM or Hop.
British Airways canceled its Wednesday flights to Istanbul and offered what it called “a more flexible rebooking policy” for ticketholders heading to or from Istanbul through Sunday, allowing them to rebook for a later date or apply their ticket cost to an alternative destination.
Delta, which stopped service to the airport last month because of security concerns, is offering a travel waiver through its Joint Venture partners to help those affected change their travel plans.
While there was an increased police presence at Ataturk Airport on Wednesday, other areas of the city had already seen an expanded police presence following the earlier attacks.
Security measures at Ataturk were already considered stronger than at many other airports, as travelers must go through two security screenings and there is a vehicle checkpoint near the international terminal, though only suspicious vehicles are stopped. Tuesday’s attackers arrived in a taxi, according to Turkey’s prime minister, Binali Yildirim.
The attacks inside the airport took place before a security screening could happen. According to Turkish government officials, the police fired on two attackers at the entryway to Ataturk’s international terminal in an attempt to stop them from reaching the security checkpoint. The two attackers then blew themselves up. A third attacker detonated explosives in the parking lot.
Elsewhere in the city, some events have been canceled, but not all because of security concerns.
A concert by the Eurovision-winning Sertab Erener at the Zorlu Center was canceled on Wednesday night out of respect for the victims of the attack. The Jockey Club of Turkey also canceled horse races for the day. Some smaller galleries postponed openings, but major art centers like the Sabanci Museum and Istanbul Modern remained open.
Not surprisingly, the continuing violence has hurt the country’s once thriving tourism industry.
According to Turkey’s Ministry of Culture and Tourism, the number of visiting tourists in May dropped 34.7 percent to 2.48 million, compared with the previous year. It was the biggest decline in 22 years, according to Trading Economics. May also marked the 10th consecutive month of declining tourist arrivals.
The State Department’s website will have the latest information regarding the travel warning to Turkey.
You can contact the United States Embassy in Ankara at 90-312-455-5555, 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., Monday through Friday; the U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul at 90-212-335-9000; and the U.S. Consulate in Adana at 90-322-455-4100.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On fine afternoons in the mid-1970s and early ’80s, the photographer Al Vandenberg spent hours walking through London with his camera. After years in the music and advertising industries, he had become bored with feeding the egos of famous people — instead, he aimed to seek out anonymous subjects on the city streets. So he photographed everyone from rockabillies and teenagers in their customized school uniforms to shop workers and proto-punks, art students to so-called Sloane Rangers. Together, his images — many of them unpublished and unseen for decades — offer a rich portrait of the city’s interwoven subcultures.
Vandenberg, who was born in the U.S. to Dutch parents but raised by an English foster family in Boston, served in the Korean War from the age of 17. On his return he enrolled in art school in Boston and New York, before becoming an art director for the Doyle Dane Bernbach advertising agency — and taking photography classes under the guidance of Alexey Brodovitch and Richard Avedon. He moved to London in 1965, and immersed himself in the city’s music scene, working on the design of the Beatles’ “Sgt Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band” album with the artist Peter Blake. By the end of the 1960s, Vandenberg was traveling alongside hippie communities around the U.S. and Canada, living in squats and informal shelters. He settled again briefly in the early 1970s, taking portraits for album covers for United Artists, before moving back to London, and away from commercial photography for good, in 1974.
From young children in battered sneakers to rockers in bullet belts, Vandenberg’s subjects exude confidence and self-possession. He had a great eye for idiosyncratic style, too — be it a homemade knit worn under a canteen worker’s tabard or a DIY PVC top. While most of his subjects remain anonymous, a few have endured as definitive cultural figures. We see Lemmy, the hard-living frontman of the rock band Motörhead, standing outside a Notting Hill pub as a comparatively fresh-faced young man. Jordan, a star of London’s subculture whose fearless personal style came to define the female punk “look,” appears posed outside Vivienne Westwood and Malcolm McLaren’s Sex boutique on the King’s Road.
In 2006, the art dealer and collector Anthony Stokes, who had been a friend of Vandenberg’s since the 1970s, showed a box of Vandenberg’s photographs to Martin Barnes, the senior curator at London’s Victoria and Albert Museum. Barnes purchased a number for the permanent collection and exhibited them the following year. Before his death in 2012, Vandenberg himself visited the museum a number of times to see his work on display. He and Barnes discussed putting together a book of the London street photographs; it finally debuts this summer. “On a Good Day: Al Vandenberg” takes its title from the photographer’s simple formula for capturing a good shot. As he put it: “I photograph on a good day, when I feel good and the subject feels good.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A classier chronograph that merges a sporty tachymeter, for clocking distance and speed, with a dressy profile.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Last Friday night, inside an industrial building on West 22nd Street, guests slumped into white sofas, sipped beers and chatted; some studied the foliage that had been installed in the space with a web of cords. The Berlin-based artist Isabel Lewis took the mic, lowered the volume of the music and thanked the crowd for coming. She named a few of the people she’d already met; then she asked a man who identified himself as “Doug from around the corner” if he thought he had a soul.
This seamlessly glided into a group discussion and, later, Kizomba, a type of dance that originated in Angola. In lieu of a formal waitstaff passing hors d’oeuvres, a casually dressed woman holding a platter asked, “Do you want some food?” It was all part of the first segment of Lewis’s Dia commission, “Occasions and Other Occurrences,” which runs on the weekends through mid-July. Lewis introduced “Occasions” at the Manchester International Festival in 2013 and has brought them to Frieze London and the Centre d’Art Contemporain Genève, among other places; she describes them as experiences that address all five senses. This one begins at the art foundation’s Chelsea location, continues on the M.T.A. Metro-North Railroad with a downloadable mixtape and ends in Beacon at Long Dock Park.
Here, Lewis fields T’s questions in the form of a mini-Occasion.
How did you approach the Dia commission?
I was compelled by Dia’s relation to both N.Y.C. and Beacon; I understood early in my process of developing the new occasions that I wanted to bring out the strength and specificity of both of these locations. In the city, there is this density of human interrelations and activities contained by the architecture and the urban plan. In the Hudson Valley, the quietness and the landscape are just as powerful as the intensity of the city but in a completely different way.
How does it all unfold?
The Friday evenings in Chelsea focus on our inter-human relations and the intertwining of the organic and the technological. Visitors enter into a decorated space with furniture elements that I’ve designed and that organize bodies in space in a specific way. The five senses are addressed and as the host, I weave together contemporary Angolan music, a partner-dance style called Kizomba and conversation.
The train ride sets the mood for the Saturday and Sunday occasions in Beacon. When visitors enter Long Dock Park, they are surrounded by music coming from a sound system that’s integrated into the landscape, and they can relax on the wooden furniture that I’ve created and placed throughout the park. There, I am joined by dancers and the choreography is intimately related to the features of the park and is happening everywhere at once, so there is no single viewpoint for experiencing it.
You’ve said you’re dealing with the relationship between “inner spaces” and “outer spaces.” What does that mean?
It started with me, a contemporary human being, looking at my surroundings and noticing that today, when we speak about the soul or the spirit, it sounds esoteric or that it isn’t to be taken seriously. It doesn’t feel comfortable to talk about these things; you have to give a disclaimer like, “I’m not a religious person,” or “I’m not crazy,” or “Maybe it’s my intuition, but…” I became curious about the notion of the soul before we adopted a scientific worldview around the time of the Enlightenment and there was this transition, the only things we could understand as real or relevant were that which we could see or prove.
From ancient Greece and through the Middle Ages, there are many different versions and articulations of this soul-spirit-body connection and that disappears after a while. It’s interesting to me to reconsider how the contemporary, “enlightened” individual can reapproach this idea of the soul or of the “inner space.”
What is your role as the artist and as the host?
Traditionally, the artist creates a work, be it an object, a piece of orchestral music, a stage work, which will then often be placed before the visitor and this produces a kind of confrontation between the subject and the object. As a host, I blur these distinctions because I find myself and the visitors in the midst of a social situation. While hosting, I am shaping this situation and also being responsive to how it develops, similar to a gardener and her garden.
What sort of preparation does this entail?
There’s a level of craft that a person develops over time with these live situations and I’ve had a lot of experience guiding and steering live situations. But it absolutely takes a lot of preparation, a lot of thinking through multiple scenarios and always seeing 360 degrees around any particular element. Then, for weeks, I had been going to Kizomba parties and meeting people from this community, and also inviting them to my space as it was being built to meet and dance together so they would feel comfortable there. It’s a many-layered process and a lot of fine tuning and practice to arrive at a result that feels spontaneous, and the composition is actually emerging in real time but you have to prepare the right conditions for this emergence.
Why does this belong in an art space?
Jerry Saltz has this term “post-art,” which is not an uninteresting term in relation to what I’m doing. My occasions exist between different genres and, as such, they can be housed in an art space, they can be housed at a music venue, they could happen in a private home or in a garden, or as part of a theater or dance festival — but they don’t belong to any one such place.
This interview has been edited and condensed.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In 1977, the photographer John Stewart was commissioned by Muhammad Ali to take his portrait. “Two franchisers of Muhammad Ali came to see me,” he recalls. “They had seen a show of my work in New York and had suggested to Ali he should have me photograph him. I was summoned to Chicago to meet ‘the Greatest.’” The late boxer gave Stewart, now 96, worldwide exclusivity of his portrait for one year — rights that Stewart eventually sold to his friend Andy Warhol.
Below are Stewart’s images of Ali, which have been shown and sold in galleries in limited edition, and his memory of their time together.
On a beautiful spring day in 1977, I ring the door at Ali’s mansion, situated at the edge of a mixed black and white neighborhood. A giant in a white robe and a yellow turban bids me to enter. I pass in front of a throng of men — standing, sitting on the floor or on the stairway, waiting for an audience. After half an hour alone in a vast cream and gold room, lined with armchairs, I am shown the way downstairs. I pass through a tall Chinese portico flanked on one side by a stuffed lion and on the other by a tiger. In the exercise room beyond the portico, dressed in a blue sports outfit, Ali is sitting on a low stool, wiping his face with a towel.
I didn’t have to introduce myself. Ali had been told. He didn’t even look up. I carried a large portfolio which I set down against a wall.
“It’s Ramadan,” Ali said. “I’m tired. And hungry.”
I explained why I was there.
“Show me.”
I pulled out portraits, all of them in black and white, printed by means of a 19th-century method where the photographs are often mistaken for charcoal drawings.
“Those are great drawings.”
I explained they were in fact photographs.
We worked steadily for three days, mornings only, in a film studio I had rented. Ali always arrived on time, accompanied by friends, handlers and helpers. He was a real trouper and lent himself to all the demands, tricks and manipulations that a photographer pulls out of his bag. You had to be fast, however, because his attention span was very short — a matter of a minute, after which he got bored and restless.
The only instance Ali interfered was when the NBC television crew from New York arrived to record the sitting, and the producer tried to impose her directives. Ali warned her, “It’s John’s shoot. If you don’t behave yourself, you and your crew are out!”
The following day, we had lunch together. Not at home, but in a restaurant. When a couple of weeks later I returned to Chicago with the prints, he inscribed the one I liked best, of his arm extended and his beautiful fist with its well-shaped nails: “To John Stewart, Muhammad Ali, May 13-77 Love Always.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sam Sifton emails readers of Cooking seven days a week to talk about food and suggest recipes. That email also appears here. To receive it in your inbox, register here.
Good morning. Summer Fridays aren’t really a thing in the newspaper world. Maybe they’re not a part of your work experience either. But if you can take a slide at the end of this week, or maybe better yet can clear a little time on Saturday, set yourself up to make Melissa Clark’s new recipe for a buckwheat berry cake, which she’s prettily designed to celebrate our nation’s independence. It’d be pretty great to bring to a cookout over the weekend, before the fireworks.
As for tonight? Traditionally we cook without proper recipes on Wednesdays at Cooking, improvising off written cues. The dream is Pascal Wintz. (The reality is often a little closer to Ryan Stiles and Colin Mochrie.)
So how about we riff off the cooking of the Los Angeles chef Suzanne Goin, and slowly pan-roast some chicken thighs in olive oil and butter scented with lots of fresh thyme leaves and a couple of crumbled chiles de árbol? If it’s not too hot in the kitchen, heat the broiler at the end, and crisp the finished chicken beneath a thin smear of mustard and a shower of buttered bread crumbs. Serve alongside or on top of a pile of baby greens lightly dressed in lemon juice and olive oil, with some bread to mop up the juices. That’s fine.
If you want an actual recipe, we have plenty of those as well. Have you tried Florence Fabricant’s recipe for Korean spaghetti and meatballs yet? Or mine for soy-sauce-pickled eggs on rice? Kim Severson’s recipe for Southern-style shrimp scampi? Julia Moskin’s recipe for lemon-garlic-kale salad? Or Pierre Franey’s recipe for linguine with lemon sauce?
Save the ones that interest you to your recipe box so you can cook them later. And please, when you’ve finished cooking, let us know how everything turned out. You can rate the recipes on a scale of one to five stars. You can leave notes on them as well. And you can – and please do! – share them with friends via email and social media.
We’ll be standing by if you run into problems: cookingcare@nytimes.com.
Finally, some programming notes. It’s pretty cool that Broadway’s “She Loves Me” will be livestreamed on Thursday night for $9.99. We’re really into this “Chef’s Table” episode about the New Zealand chef Ben Shewry. (Here’s an article I wrote about one of his line cooks at Attica in Melbourne, Australia.) Did you read Stephanie Strom in The Times on Perdue trying to make life better for its chickens? Do so. And, hey, it’s summer. Time to get the new Alan Furst novel and read it in the gloaming, in bare feet. See you soon!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Good morning.
We’re trying something new this week: California Today, a morning update for our California readers. Tell us what you’d like to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com
We like to think of California as the center of the tech universe. But, apparently, all that know-how has not helped us figure out how to run more efficient elections.
Three weeks after the state’s Democratic presidential primary, half a million votes remain uncounted.
The final tallies, whenever they come in, are not expected to change the result.
Hillary Clinton declared victory the night of the June 7 primary, when she was up by more than 10 points.
In videos, in blog posts and on social media, some supporters of Bernie Sanders are pointing to the uncounted ballots as evidence that Mr. Sanders was robbed.
Long waits for final totals are not rare in California.
Most of the 2.5 million votes that were not counted by June 7 were mail-in ballots that were not returned until Election Day, or even a few days after.
But the vote also exposed “mechanical problems” in the electoral system, said Paul Mitchell, vice president of Political Data, a consulting firm based in Norwalk, Calif.
A flood of voters registered right before the election. Many did not receive mail-in ballots until after Election Day, when they were useless.
Independents voting by mail also had a hard time getting the right ballots.
Both groups were more likely to support Mr. Sanders. Many cast provisional ballots, which take a long time to count because each has to be verified.
Since June 7, Mr. Sanders has slightly cut into Ms. Clinton’s lead. She was ahead by roughly 440,000 votes on election night. Now, it’s 414,500, or about eight percentage points.
Still, it’s a sizable margin.
“The Bernie folks have legitimate gripes,” Mr. Mitchell said. “But they’re all going to be resolved when these provisional ballots are counted.”
• Hillary Clinton released her technology policy initiative, which targets young entrepreneurs. It reflects a view that tech should be an engine of equality.
• Facebook announced that it will be shifting your news feed away from, well, news, and toward posts by friends. Our tech columnist writes that the company will always prioritize baby pictures over keeping users informed.
• American drivers are regaining their appetite for gas guzzlers, unloading hybrid and electric vehicles in favor of bigger cars, pickups and S.U.V.s.
• Airbnb is now in disputes with both San Francisco and New York that could end up pushing thousands of illegal listings off the site. The company is in talks for a new round of investment that could value it at about $30 billion.
• “An irresistible and indispensable 360-degree guide to the new technology establishment.” That’s our book reviewer’s take on “Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley.”
• Visitors to the United States may be asked to voluntarily disclose their social media accounts, a step that is intended to help in screening for ties to terrorism.
• “Zoolander 2.” “Independence Day Resurgence.” Why are so many sequels arriving many years after the original? We look at the trend.
• Paul Draper, the winemaker at Ridge Vineyards, is retiring. Over 47 years at the vineyards in the Santa Cruz Mountains and Sonoma County, he has been lionized as a leading light in American wine.
• An initiative to legalize recreational marijuana use has qualified for the November ballot. Just about everyone expects it to pass. [Los Angeles Times]
• More than 70 Bay Area news organizations have teamed up to force local attention onto the region’s homelessness crisis. Coverage includes profiles of homeless people, a look at causes and suggested solutions. [SF Homeless Project]
• In Washington, the National Rifle Association is an all-powerful force. Not so much in Sacramento. [Sacramento Bee]
• Scientists have found a bonanza of water beneath the state’s Central Valley. But it still won’t end the drought. [Science]
• Koreatown. Little Tokyo. The Byzantine-Latino corridor. Los Angeles has more ethnic corridors than you can easily count, but one writer has done his best to map them by hand. [Boom]
Mission Dolores in San Francisco is turning 240 years old today.
The mission is older than our republic itself: the first Mass was held on June 29, 1776, a few days before the Declaration of Independence was signed, and nearly 75 years before California statehood.
The adobe church, which the congregation moved into in 1791, is the oldest building still standing in San Francisco.
It survived the 1906 earthquake, and the fires that followed. Of the nine missions founded under the Rev. Junipero Serra in California, it is the only one whose original chapel is intact.
So what is Mission Dolores — as it has long been known, though the official name is Misión San Francisco de Asis — doing to celebrate its anniversary? Not much.
Though the mission’s website proudly proclaims its founding in June, anniversary ceremonies will not be held until October, the date when official “paperwork was sent from Mexico,” said Gustavo Torres, the mission’s director of development.
In the meantime, if you’re in the area, you can still visit the old mission, its cemetery and its gardens, as roughly 300,000 people do each year.
California Today is a weekday roundup that stays live from 6 a.m. Pacific time until late morning.
What would you like to see here to start your day? Tell us at CAtoday@nytimes.com, or reach us via Twitter using #CAToday.
Follow the California Today columnist, Ian Lovett, on Twitter.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

At a moment when communication seems to have been taken over by all things digital, alphabet books are holding strong. In fact they just keep getting more sophisticated. Sara Gillingham’s “Alpha, Bravo, Charlie,” to take one innovative example, packs quite a pleasurable wallop. It’s a big, well-organized compendium of how messages are sent and received at sea, working through the phonetic alphabet — the Alpha, Bravo, Charlie system of the title — as well as Morse code, signal flags, and the extremely old-school semaphore system, in which letters are represented by a person holding two flags in specific positions. Each page contains a wealth of clearly explained information that ties together all the nautical communication systems, adding for good measure other useful maritime facts. The page for “I,” for example, shows the flag “India,” which means “I am turning left.” We also learn that boats can use Morse code to send the same message by giving two blasts, and we get a trick for remembering left (port) from right (starboard): “A ship that is sailing out to the ocean has ‘left port.’ ”
Gillingham, the author and illustrator of picture books including “How to Grow a Friend” and many interactive books for toddlers, brings a stylish and simple graphic style to the pages, with bright colors and sharp shapes along with print-like textures that give the solid colors a vintage feel. For ship-loving children —and those of any age who revel in cracking codes and learning how symbol systems work — “Alpha, Bravo, Charlie” will be an absolute treasure.
“Daytime Visions” from the Argentine musician and author/illustrator Isol (“The Menino”) is another glorious example of how much can be done by playing around with letters. Each one gets a little story of sorts, accompanied by one of Isol’s artfully layered collaged illustrations: black-crayon-like lines and cut paper that covers or dips under the lines to create an energetic, improvisational flow. In her dream-logic world, people and animals mix freely, and even basic words bear a heavy weight of suggestion.
Some of the stories contain simply one word, with the evocative illustration worth another 999 or so. “Insomniac,” the entry for I, for example, shows a big duck with beak pointed down and eyes closed, floating on water with two little ones, also asleep, tucked under its wings. Another duckling glides nearby, its black-rimmed eyes round and awake, its head slightly downturned but not resting. What could have happened to the poor sleepless thing? “R” shows a big bird with flamboyant blue hair dramatically scolding a smaller bird with wings held sheepishly behind its back. “Never meant to be rude,” the words say. Another story you long to know more about.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MARIA GUGGING, Austria — By choice or by chance, the visionary autodidacts whose works fall into the related categories of Art Brut and outsider art find themselves on the margins of conventional culture and society, even if their creations sometimes draw on ideas from the popular mainstream.
Unlike their academically trained counterparts, these artists, often employing found or castoff materials, tend to work primarily for themselves, unconcerned with the canon or the latest critical positions. The term “Art Brut” was first coined by the French artist Jean Dubuffet in the 1940s, and since then an alternative world of specialized publications, galleries, museums and fairs has developed to support the genre.
In recent years, the establishment has begun to embrace outsider art, with its unusual aesthetic and spirit of authenticity. The British artist Grayson Perry has found inspiration in collages by the American outsider Henry Darger; the gallerist David Zwirner has shown the works of self-taught artists; and at the 2013 Venice Biennale such works were displayed alongside those of contemporary luminaries.
At the same time, the field of self-taught art has developed significant outposts of its own. One of them is Art Brut Center Gugging, a cultural complex in this village north of Vienna that focuses on the intersection of art and psychiatric treatment. The center’s Museum Gugging is commemorating its 10th anniversary with the recently opened exhibition “johann hauser… i’m the artist!” (on view through Jan. 8), which showcases the work of the Austrian Art Brut master Johann Hauser (1926-1996), a longtime resident of the facility.
A celebration of explosive color and draftsmanship, this survey of more than 200 of Hauser’s drawings and etchings offers an illuminating introduction to the kinds of deeply personal themes and the inventive handling of materials that characterize his oeuvre and, in general, the work of the most original self-taught artists.
The show and its substantive and encyclopedic catalog include many of Hauser’s emblematic works, which he usually made with little more than graphite or colored pencil and wax crayons on paper. His subjects include nude or fabric-draped women, rockets and flying machines, and semiabstract moons and lunar eclipses.
Hauser’s female subjects make for some of his most powerful images. Voluptuous clouds of hair, elongated breasts and other highlighted body parts give the gestural Sturm und Drang of Willem de Kooning’s oil-painted women a run for their expressionistic vigor. Hauser’s art delivers a punch time and time again from a modest palette of mainly primary and secondary colors. He once remarked that “just black is nothing.”
Born in Bratislava in what was then Czechoslovakia, Hauser was sent to a psychiatric institution when he was still a teenager, and he never learned to read or write. In 1949 he was transferred to a psychiatric hospital on the outskirts of Vienna and later became a resident of the hospital from which Art Brut Center Gugging emerged.
Johann Feilacher, a psychiatrist and working artist himself, is Museum Gugging’s director. (In a building near Maria Gugging, he uses chain saws to make large-scale wooden sculptures.)
“As much as we appreciate the self-taught status of the artists who have been associated with this place and whose works we have shown, we try to present their art in a broader context,” he said at the Hauser exhibition’s opening. “Their work is special, but they should not be isolated.”
In recent decades, Dr. Feilacher has played a large role in guiding the evolution of the Gugging art complex. The institution grew out of an earlier psychiatric hospital, where, starting in the mid-1950s, for diagnostic purposes, the psychiatrist Leo Navratil (1921-2006) asked his patients to make drawings. The character and quality of their handiwork and imagery caught his attention, and he began focusing more specifically on what would now be called art psychotherapy.
Later, Dr. Navratil corresponded with Dubuffet, who in the 1940s had begun researching and promoting the hard-to-classify works of self-taught artists. Dubuffet described their output as art brut, French for raw art, referring to the sense of unfettered creative energy they conveyed.
Dr. Navratil introduced Dubuffet to Hauser’s drawings, which the artist considered definitive examples of Art Brut. In 1965, the psychiatrist published the book “Schizophrenia and Art” in which he examined the relationship between schizophrenia and artistic expression, noting that making art could play a role in the healing process.
He went on to establish a center for art and psychotherapy at the hospital, where 18 male patients resided and made art. Among them were Hauser, Franz Kernbeis (born in 1935) and Oswald Tschirtner (1920-2007). Later, August Walla (1936-2001), who became known for text-and-image paintings and murals that expressed a polytheistic outlook, also moved in.
In time, Dr. Feilacher became Dr. Navratil’s assistant and then his successor, transforming the still clinically oriented Center for Art and Psychotherapy into an artists’ community, renaming it the House of Artists and placing a new emphasis on the artistic creativity of its residents rather than on their mental illnesses.
Taking a socio-therapeutic approach, the reborn facility stopped using the word “patients” in the mid-1980s to describe its program’s participants. In 1994, Gallery Gugging was established as a venue for the presentation and sale of the Gugging artists’ works.
The gallery’s director, Nina Katschnig, said it has “working relationships” with other galleries, including Ricco/Maresca Gallery in New York, which has exhibited works by such Gugging artists as Leopold Strobl and Günther Schützenhöfer. At a sold-out show there this spring, Mr. Strobl’s pencil drawings on paper sold for $4,000 or more.
Along with the museum, the gallery, the artists’ house and a gift shop, Art Brut Center Gugging is home to Atelier Gugging, a studio in which some of its associated artists work. The studio is also open for use by visitors.
“You don’t necessarily have to come make paintings or drawings, as long as you come to explore your creative potential and make something artistic,” Dr. Feilacher said. “That’s what this atelier — and this entire art center — is all about.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A team of archaeologists and mapmakers say they have uncovered a forgotten tunnel that 80 Jews dug largely by hand as they tried to escape from a Nazi extermination site in Lithuania about 70 years ago.
The Lithuanian site, Ponar, holds mass burial pits and graves where up to 100,000 people were killed and their bodies dumped or burned during the Holocaust.
Using radar and radio waves to scan beneath the ground, the researchers found the tunnel, a 100-foot passageway between five and nine feet below the surface, the team announced on Wednesday.
A previous attempt made by a different team in 2004 to find the underground structure had only located its mouth, which was subsequently left unmarked. The new finding traces the tunnel from entrance to exit and provides evidence to support survivor accounts of the harrowing effort to escape the holding pit.
“What we were able to do was not only solve one of the greatest mysteries and escape stories of the Holocaust,” said Richard Freund, an archaeologist from the University of Hartford in Connecticut and one of the team leaders. “We were also able to unravel one of the biggest problems they have with a site like this: How many burial pits are there?”
Dr. Freund and his colleagues, working with the PBS science series NOVA for a documentary that will be broadcast next year, also uncovered another burial pit containing the ashes of perhaps 7,000 people. That would be the 12th burial pit identified in Ponar; officially known today as Paneriai.
From 1941 until 1944, tens of thousands of Jews from the nearby city of Vilnius, known as the Jerusalem of Lithuania, were brought to Ponar and shot at close range. Their bodies were dumped into the pits and buried.
“I call Ponar ground zero for the Holocaust,” Dr. Freund said. “For the first time we have systematic murder being done by the Nazis and their assistants.” According to Dr. Freund, the events at the site took place about six months before the Nazis started using gas chambers elsewhere for their extermination plans.
An estimated 100,000 people, including 70,000 Jews, died at Ponar. Over four years, about 150 Lithuanian collaborators killed the prisoners — usually in groups of about 10. In 1943 when it became clear the Soviets were going to take over Lithuania, the Nazis began to cover up the evidence of the mass killings. They forced a group of 80 Jews to exhume the bodies, burn them and bury the ashes. At the time they were called the Leichenkommando, or “corpse unit,” but in the years that followed they were known as the Burning Brigade.
For months, the Jewish prisoners dug up and burned bodies. One account tells of a man who identified his wife and two sisters among the corpses. The group knew that once their job was finished, they, too, would be executed, so they developed an escape plan.
About half of the group spent 76 days digging a tunnel in their holding pit by hand and with spoons they found among the bodies. On April 15, 1944 — the last night of Passover when they knew the night would be darkest — the brigade crawled through the two-foot-square tunnel entrance and through to the forest.
The noise alerted the guards, who pursued the prisoners with guns and dogs. Of the 80, 12 managed to escape; 11 of them survived the war and went on to tell their stories, according to the researchers.
Dr. Freund and his team used the information from survivors’ accounts to search for the tunnel.
Rather then excavate and disturb the remains, he and his team used two noninvasive tools — electrical resistivity tomography and ground penetrating radar.
Electrical resistivity tomography is like an M.R.I. for the ground; it provides a clear picture of the subsurface. It uses electricity to identify stones, metal and clay as well as soil disturbances like those made by digging.
“We used the tool to pinpoint the locations where people most likely tunneled through,” said Paul Bauman a geophysicist with WorleyParsons, an Australian engineering company, who handled the tomography tool. “We’re highly confident we’ve identified exactly where the tunnel is.”
With the tool, they also found a previously unknown pit which they think is the largest ever discovered in the area. They estimate that it might have contained as many as 10,000 bodies.
The other tool, the ground penetrating radar, uses FM radio waves to scan about 10 feet under the surface.
“What we are doing is using those FM radio waves that people listen to in their car and we’re putting them into the ground,” said Harry Jol, professor of geology and anthropology at the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire. “We’re getting reflections off the archaeological features or landscapes in the subsurface so we can image what’s happening.”
The team also used the ground penetrating radar to search for the Great Synagogue of Vilnius, which was destroyed by the Nazis.
“The Holocaust is so overwhelming that we only really look at the end of the story — and that isn’t the whole story,” said Jon Seligman, an archaeologist with the Israel Antiquities Authority, who also led the team. “The whole story is the history of Jews who lived in this area for many, many centuries.”
Before World War II, Vilnius was a bustling Jewish center with more than 100,000 people. When the Soviets took over Lithuania, they erected an elementary school over the rubble of the city’s Great Synagogue. Using the radar, the team uncovered artifacts from the synagogue, including its ritual bath house.
“If we had never discovered the tunnel, people would have thought in another 20 years it was a myth, and they would have questioned – What do we really know happened?” said Dr. Freund. “This is a great story about the way that people overcame the worst possible condition, and still had this hope that they could get out.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WASHINGTON — Despite the inconsistencies of his season, the Mets needed Matt Harvey to be his old self Tuesday against their division rival Washington Nationals. The Mets had lost two straight games. The starting rotation, the backbone of the team, was dinged up like other parts of the team.
Then the rain came.
While an improved Harvey was facing Danny Espinosa in the bottom of the fourth inning of a one-run game, umpires sent both teams into their clubhouses because of a heavy thunderstorm. Once the hour-and-25-minute delay was over, the Mets were forced to cobble together the rest of the game with the bullpen, which stumbled in a 5-0 loss.
“I’m sure he’ll say it: This is the best he’s felt all year,” Manager Terry Collins said of Harvey. “That’s why it’s a really tough night not to be able to stay out there and pitch a little bit.”
Previously stellar this season, Jerry Blevins allowed a two-run home run to Bryce Harper in the fifth inning. Blevins mistakenly fired a fastball over the middle of the strike zone, and Harper smashed it into the home bullpen in right field. It was the first home run that Blevins had surrendered to a left-handed batter since 2013, and it gave the Nationals a 3-0 lead.
The game started an hour late because of rain. After the delay in the fourth, the Mets finished the game piecemeal, with four relievers. That wasn’t Harvey’s fault; the weather simply had other plans. The game also started an hour late because of rain.
Harvey’s season has been a battle to find steadiness. He has said after starts that his mechanics have not been right, and then thinking about them during games hasn’t helped either.
Harvey looked better at times on Tuesday, his slider sharper than before. He allowed one run on four hits and walked three batters in three and two-thirds innings, but he looked more comfortable.
“Anytime is a good time,” Harvey said. “Obviously didn’t want to keep going the way I was. But it’s nice to be a little better.”
Because of the long delay in the fourth inning, Harvey could not return to the mound. He wound up charged with the loss, leaving him 4-10 with a 4.55 earned run average.
“You work so hard all year to finally figure some stuff out, and Mother Nature takes over there,” Harvey said.
The Nationals, too, lost their starter after the rain. Lucas Giolito, one of the top pitching prospects in baseball, made his major league debut on Tuesday. A 21-year-old hard thrower, he allowed only one hit and two walks.
Mets right fielder Curtis Granderson reached base twice against Giolito. But even he could not escape the rash of injuries that have destabilized the Mets.
Granderson did not return after the second rain delay because he could not loosen his right calf, which first felt tight over the weekend. He was replaced by Alejandro De Aza.
In the seventh inning, the Mets were dealt another injury scare. A line drive by Ryan Zimmerman measured at 110 miles per hour struck Mets reliever Hansel Robles’s right leg. He crumpled to the ground but walked off the field under his own power.
Before a ball hit his leg, Robles coughed up two runs, giving the Nationals a five-run lead, too large for the Mets’ stagnant offense to overcome.
The Mets advanced a runner to third base only once, in the sixth inning, when Asdrubal Cabrera doubled and Yoenis Cespedes followed with a single. Neil Walker’s walk loaded the bases, but the Nationals reliever Oliver Perez, once a Met, was brought in to escape the jam, which he did, with a strikeout and a flyout.
The rain-soaked game ended after midnight, and the Nationals could wrap up a sweep on Wednesday. The Mets are five games behind Washington in the National League East.
INSIDE PITCH
General Manager Sandy Alderson said the Mets were impressed by Yulieski Gourriel, the free-agent third baseman from Cuba who worked out for the Mets in Port St. Lucie, Fla., on Monday. Gourriel took batting practice, ran the bases and took grounders at second and third. He will continue to hold showcases for other interested teams and could be ready for the majors in a month. ... First baseman Lucas Duda, who has been out since May 21 with a stress fracture in his lower back, is still two weeks away from resuming baseball activities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

State Senator Adriano D. Espaillat was poised on Tuesday to take a historic step toward becoming the first Dominican-American elected to Congress, holding what appeared to be an insurmountable lead in the Democratic primary to replace Representative Charles B. Rangel.
Mr. Espaillat declared victory with a lead of more than 1,000 votes with 97 percent of the scanners reported, but State Assemblyman Keith L.T. Wright, who was running second, refused to concede and demanded that absentee and affidavit ballots be counted. Mr. Wright, who was endorsed by Mr. Rangel, also claimed that there had been irregularities in the voting, although he did not give specifics.
If Mr. Espaillat, who led Mr. Wright 36.7 percent to 33.8 percent, wins the primary, he would be virtually assured of winning the seat, representing Upper Manhattan and parts of the Bronx, in the general election in November because of the district’s overwhelmingly Democratic registration.
A victory by Mr. Espaillat would realize a long-sought goal of the so-called Dominican diaspora, which began to take root here in large numbers after the United States invaded the Caribbean nation in 1965. Many landed in Washington Heights, where the streets became outposts of the towns left behind.
The outcome could also be a turning point for Harlem, at the heart of the 13th District. Once the center of black political power in New York, should Mr. Espaillat be elected it would be the first time in more than seven decades that the neighborhood would not be represented in Washington by an African-American.
“Voters from throughout the 13th Congressional District elected a country boy from Santiago de los Caballeros in the Dominican Republic to be the nominee of the Democratic Party,” Mr. Espaillat said to a raucous crowd. “So from Harlem to East Harlem, from Washington Heights, from Inwood to the Northwest Bronx, I want to thank all the voters that cast their votes in support of this historic candidacy.”
Addressing his fellow immigrants and their offspring, he said, “We are Washington Heights and we stand on a hill and on any given day, on a bad day we can see that lady in the harbor. We can see her with a torch in her hand.” He added, “This is an American story.”
Mr. Wright, at a gathering in Harlem, was defiant: “Suffice it to say, this campaign ain’t over.” He added, “No candidate can declare victory tonight, not until every vote is counted. This race is further complicated by the real possibility of a lot of camp irregularities and voter suppression.”
A win by Mr. Espaillat would be a sharp disappointment for Mr. Rangel, 86, who is retiring after nearly half a century in Congress. Mr. Rangel is no fan of Mr. Espaillat, who ran against him in primaries in 2012 and 2014.
In interviews before the election, Mr. Rangel resisted discussing the possibility that the district he had represented for so long might no longer be represented by an African-American.
“Can you tell the people in Boston that some day you won’t have an Irish congressman?” he said. “I don’t want to talk about it and it can’t happen now that’s for damn sure.”
Mr. Espaillat’s apparent victory came even though another well-known Dominican-American politician was on the ballot, threatening to split the vote in the Dominican community. That candidate, State Assemblyman Guillermo Linares, is a longstanding rival of Mr. Espaillat’s and is allied with Mr. Rangel and Mr. Wright.
In the end, Mr. Linares received only about 5 percent of the vote, not enough to keep Mr. Espaillat from crossing the finish line first.
Instead Mr. Wright likely was hurt by a fragmenting of the black vote. The three other black candidates in the race received more than 20 percent. Among them, Clyde Williams, a former Democratic National Committee official, ran third with 10 percent. Adam Clayton Powell IV, the son of Mr. Rangel’s predecessor, Adam Clayton Powell Jr., who was expected to benefit from his famous name, synonymous with postwar Harlem, got about 6 percent.
Cheering Espaillat supporters took to the streets of Washington Heights, much as they might when celebrating an election in the Dominican Republic.
Outside the 809 Bar & Grill, where Mr. Espaillat’s supporters gathered, drivers honked car horns and a crowd cheered. “We made it!” the crowd chanted in Spanish.
“It was time to take Washington Heights to Washington D.C.,” said Michelle Minguez. “This is history in the making.”
The close race echoed the last two primaries in the district, when Mr. Espaillat lost to Mr. Rangel. In 2012, Mr. Espaillat took two weeks to concede, after initially going to court to block the results over reports that some Spanish-speaking voters encountered difficulties at voting stations. In 2014 he waited two days to concede, saying the contest was too close to call.
In the general election Mr. Espaillat would run against the Republican candidate, Tony Evans, an African-American lawyer based in Harlem.
The congressional district held by Mr. Rangel was originally drawn up in the 1940s to make it possible for Harlem’s black population to choose a representative to send to Congress.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

INTERNATIONAL
An article on May 29 about the conviction and sentencing of former military officers for their roles in Operation Condor, in which South American military governments hunted down and eliminated leftist dissidents across national borders, misstated, in some editions, the number of officers convicted for their roles in killing, kidnapping and torturing more than 100 victims as part of the operation. Fourteen were convicted, not 15. (One other defendant was convicted on separate charges involving a different set of victims.) Because of an editing error, the article misstated, in some editions, the nationality of one defendant. He is from Uruguay, not Argentina. The article also misstated the decade during which Argentina passed amnesty laws, whose loopholes prosecutors exploited to proceed with the Operation Condor cases. It was the 1980s, not the 1990s. And also because of an editing error, an accompanying picture caption misidentified, in some editions, the site where victims and their relatives watched the sentencing. They were shown at the Argentine Embassy in Montevideo, Uruguay, watching a live feed — not at the sentencing itself, which was in a Buenos Aires courtroom.
BUSINESS DAY
An Upshot article on Tuesday about the effect Britain’s decision to leave the European Union could have on the global economy referred incorrectly to the dollar’s performance against the yen between Thursday and Monday. It dropped against the yen; it did not rise.
SPORTS
The Sports of The Times column on Tuesday, about the American gymnast Simone Biles, referred incorrectly to the coming Rio Games in some copies. They are in August, not “next month.”
•
An article in some editions on Tuesday about the Mets’ 11-4 loss to the Washington Nationals referred incorrectly to Mets pitcher Noah Syndergaard’s walks in recent starts. His total of three walks on Monday equaled his total from his previous seven starts combined; it did not exceed it.
•
The On Swimming column on Saturday, about the transformation of the United States Olympic swimming trials from a small qualifying event into a spectacle, referred incorrectly to the 2012 Olympic relay for which Conor Dwyer qualified. It was the 4x200, or 800-meter, freestyle relay — not the 4x800 relay. (There is no such relay.)
OBITUARIES
An obituary on Tuesday about the track coach Sam Bell misspelled the surname of one of his daughters. She is Beth Ahearn, not Ahern.
•
An obituary on Saturday about the keyboardist Bernie Worrell misspelled the name of his 2007 solo album. It is “Improvisczario,” not “Improviscario.”
FOOD
A brief report in the Front Burner column last Wednesday about a 100 percent rye whisky from Canadian Club misstated the whisky’s proof. It is 80, not 40.
The Times welcomes comments and suggestions, or complaints about errors that warrant correction. Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397). Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
Readers dissatisfied with a response or concerned about the paper’s journalistic integrity may reach the public editor at public@nytimes.com or (212) 556-7652.
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or e-mail customercare@nytimes.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Carlos Santana hit a tiebreaking single in Cleveland’s three-run ninth inning, Corey Kluber allowed three hits in eight innings, and the Indians beat the host Atlanta Braves, 5-3, for their 11th straight win.
The winning streak is Cleveland’s longest in 34 years.
Arodys Vizcaino walked Tyler Naquin to open the ninth and then walked Juan Uribe on four pitches. With pinch-runner Rajai Davis at first base, pinch-hitter Michael Martinez struck out.
Vizcaino was in danger of issuing another walk when Santana lined a 3-1 pitch to right field, driving Naquin in from second base.
Braves shortstop Erick Aybar mishandled Francisco Lindor’s grounder for an error, allowing Davis to score. Jose Ramirez added a run-scoring single up the middle.
